
US 30yr yield rises to the highest level since July erasing NFP-induced drop
Gold extends decline to $100
Euro Dollar Technical Analysis for Today with tradeCompass
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1174 – Reuters estimate
China Stats Bureau says external environment very severe, some firms having difficulties
FX option expiries for 4 November 10am New York cut
Gold eyes $4,200 as the climb continues
USDCHF Technical Analysis: The market is now solely focused on US-China headlines
Major European indices close higher led the German DAX
Japan's lower house begins voting for next prime minister
Australian dollar gives back the CPI gain
UK July ILO unemployment rate 4.7% vs 4.7% expected
European indices close higher. US stocks trading near highs.
NZD higher - recapping RBNZ cuts to 2.25% but signals end to easing as NZ economy steadies
Eurozone September final CPI +2.2% vs +2.2% y/y prelim
UK October CPI +3.6% vs +3.6% y/y expected
Germany September retail sales +0.2% vs +0.2% expected
Nomura now expects the BOE to deliver final rate cut this cycle in April next year
Bessent is pushing an agenda of a smaller Fed balance sheet -- report
Bank of Canada business outlook survey: Overall intentions remain subdued
Canada August wholesale trade -1.2% vs -1.3% expected
Trump’s temporary Federal Reserve pick Miran could be confirmed as soon as Monday
investingLive European markets wrap: Stocks, crypto fall as risk appetite softens
USDCHF Technicals:The USDCHF finds resistance sellers at swing area target. Corrects lower
US MBA mortgage applications w.e. 31 October -1.9% vs +7.1% prior
The Fed funds market is pricing in a 10% chance of a 50 basis point cut
Tariff man announces two more targets: Furniture and film
The USD is little changed after the run higher last week. Market awaits key PCE data
Euro slumps as newly appointed French prime minister Lecornu hands in resignation
Australian dollar up, shares down. Strong jobs report destroys hope for RBA rate cut.
France August trade balance -€5.53 billion vs -€5.56 billion prior
Goldman sees US–China tariff standoff easing into prolonged pause, not full escalation
Fed's Williams: Monetary continues to be restrictive, still a ways to go to get to 2% goal
The Fed's Goolsbee set to speak on CNBC
Coming up today - Trump meets Japan’s Takaichi to deepen defence, trade cooperation
NZDUSD Technicals: Corrective resistance holds on the NZDUSD bounce.  Seller in control.
Economic calendar in Asia Monday, September 29, 2025 - light
Stocks trading at new highs as buyers plow in ahead of key earnings next week
UK October final manufacturing PMI 49.7 vs 49.6 prelim
What did Porsche do wrong?
Switzerland October manufacturing PMI 48.2 vs 47.6 expected
It is a mixed start for the USD to start the NA session. What key levels are in play now?
Japan's Akazawa says US tariffs on Japanese goods will be lowered by September 16th,
Japan August Manufacturing PMI: 49.7 (prior 49.9)
The euro touches the best levels of the day
Fed's Goolsbee: We're getting deterioration on both sides of the mandate at the same time
US dollar nears the lowest since 2022 as the Fed prepares to cut rates
GBPUSD falls below a floor. Seller add to the control.
Tech sector nudges upward amidst mixed market signals
ICYMI China services boost plan, opening key sectors & funding sports, culture, healthcare
Japan's Nippon Ishin co-head Fujita says will back Takaichi in tomorrow's premiership vote
USDCHF Technicals: USDCHF is in a narrow 35 pip range to start the week. Look for a break.
Goldman Sachs warns slowdown risk could trigger deeper Fed easing
Economic calendar in Asia for Tuesday, November 25, 2025 is empty
Supreme Court refuses to let Trump immediately fire Fed's Lisa Cook
France delays wealth tax vote as Socialist ultimatum threatens government collapse
Satellite images show China’s missile buildup accelerating since 2020, CNN reports
US government shutdown the key risk event on the week
Nomura sees recurring tension/truce cycle as new normal in U.S./China ties
El Salvador buys gold for first time since 1990 to diversify reserves (away from Bitcoin)
investingLive European FX news wrap: UK 30yr yield jumps to a new cycle high
Goldman Sachs: Trump may pivot to new tariff tools if courts reject IEEPA-based hikes
FX option expiries for 16 September 10am New York cut
Fed's Logan says should hold rates 'for a time' to assess
Here's another reason why the AI trade might need a bit of rethinking
investingLive Americas market news wrap: ISM manufacturing disappoints
Microsoft beat earnings and revenue forecasts, powered by continued strength in Azure
The USD is mixed to start the NA session. What are the technicals telling traders.
ECB's Dolenc: Inflation risks are balanced, growth is on a solid path
Reminder: It is a partial market holiday in the US today
Initial jobless claims will not be released in the event of a government shutdown
Italy October manufacturing PMI 49.9 vs 49.3 expected
Market Correction? Maybe. But here are 5 Possibly Weaker Stocks to Look Into
Japan’s JGB yield rise sparks alarm, but fears of a global liquidity shock are overblown
Join the investingLive Telegram Channel: Live Trades and Real Market Discipline
UK house prices fall y/y, rents jump the least in 4 years
US Lutnick: US economic data will get better and better after staff changes
US September NFIB small business optimism index 98.8 vs 100.6 expected
S&P rates Saylor’s Bitcoin firm “B-”, 'junk', first credit grade for crypto treasury firm
ECB's Šimkus: No reason to adjust rates now
Germany August final manufacturing PMI 49.8 vs 49.9 prelim
AUDUSD technicals. The price action in the AUDUSD is up and down as sellers fight back.
Mercer says Trump’s trade and Fed pressure spur investor shift away from US assets.
Putin on Ukraine: There are legal obstacles in Ukraine for potential deal on territories
UK September flash services PMI 51.9 vs 53.5 expected
European stock markets start off the week right
Stocks turn lower as risk appetite begins to look weary
US stock market sentiment is getting a tad frothy
Risk aversion creeps into the market as Nasdaq shares fall
Bitcoin trade idea as bears regain control (join the short)
EURUSD Technical Analysis: Soft US CPI and US-China deal weigh on the greenback
Canadian trade Minister LeBlanc. Not so fast. Does not see a trade deal imminently
investingLive Americas FX news wrap: Fed and Bank of Canada both cut a quarter-point
German Tesla plant to step up output despite weakness in Europe - pick up in demand seen
investingLive Americas market news wrap: PCE report cools inflation fears
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1159 – Reuters estimate
US Energy Sec Wright: The SPR will be gradually filled up.  Says it is a great time to buy
investingLive European FX news wrap: BoE rate cut bets increase after soft UK jobs data
Eurozone October final manufacturing PMI 50.0 vs 50.0 prelim
Recapping Fed's Hammack - says inflation still trumps jobs on the Fed’s agenda
Japan's Nippon Ishin party co-leader says made big progress in talks with LDP today
Precious metals remain the standout movers so far this week
How have interest rate expectations changed after this week's events?
Tech sector rallies: Nvidia leads the charge, Google stumbles
Gold takes a dive
Short-term JGB yields shoot higher as traders scramble to price in next BOJ rate hike
Major currencies hold relatively muted to start the session
EURUSD Technical Analysis: The dollar stays on the backfoot as rate cut bets increase
BLS says it's experiencing technical difficulties before NFP report
Deutsche Bank: Bitcoin and gold could join central bank reserves by 2030
Australian S&P Global Manufacturing PMI (August) 53.0, its highest since September 2022
Switzerland October KOF leading indicator index 101.3 vs 98.3 expected
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: US court ruled most Trump tariffs illegal
Japan/US preparing release of fact sheet including potential investment projects in the US
Germany September flash manufacturing PMI 48.5 vs 50.0 expected
EIA weekly crude oil inventories +3715K vs +1830K expected
US stocks moving into negative territory. Modest declines for the major indices
FX option expiries for 1 September 10am New York cut
Japan firms oppose tighter foreign worker curbs as labour woes fuel record bankruptcies
Canada and India revive stalled talks for major new trade deal
Ethereum Futures Now
The USD is mixed to start the US session. The USDJPY continues to find sellers
USDCHF Technicals:The USDCHF trades up and down and follows consolidation technical levels
Japan's eco min says its important for FX moves to reflect fundamentals, be stable
Japan is considering stricter crypto regulation and enforcement
Williams: Expects tariff impact to play out into the middle of next year
USDCAD Technical Analysis: The greenback stays on the backfoot as we await key US data
Reserve Bank of New Zealand's Conway says will close the gap between Dec, Feb meetings
China president Xi reaffirms pledge for cooperation, close communication with Russia
investingLive Americas FX news wrap: Jump in initial jobless claims overshadows CPI
RBA leaves its cash rate unchanged at 3.6%, as widely expected.
Tech sector cools as energy gains momentum, Nvidia leads declines
Nvidia's Jensen Huang said he's most-excited about four AI applications
RBNZ Gov Hawkseby: Central projection is based on cash rate on hold through 2026
Goldman Sachs expects a 25bp rate cut from the Bank of England in November
FX option expiries for 10 November 10am New York cut
China private survey manufacturing PMI (October 2025) 50.6 (expected 50.7)
USDJPY falls below a key support zone: more downside ahead or a rebound into new highs?
Gold has the spotlight right now but oil will take it again before long
Warren Buffett will release a letter to shareholders on November 10
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Equity market bloodbath here
The bond market bends but don't break just yet
EU’s Šefčovič: Nexperia progress, urges lasting chip-supply stability, no export barriers
Monday open levels, indicative FX prices, 29 September 2025
Economic calendar in Asia Monday, October 13, 2025: China trade data. Japan holiday.
Freddie Mac 30 year mortgage rate for the current week rises to 6.34% from 6.30% last week
EURUSD Technical: The 50% held resistance. Now the 100 day MA is being approached.
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: AUD jumps after hot CPI data trims RBA cut bets
China's Lin: The US and China should engage in talks
Heads up: US-China trade talks will begin tomorrow in Malaysia
White House: Assured Qatar that a strike on their soil will not happen again
Intel stock surges more than 12% after reporting earnings. What's behind the move
USDJPY Technical Analysis: The focus remains on US-China headlines
China sees Trump’s stock market fixation as leverage in trade standoff (WSJ)
Gold perks up to a fresh record high
UK job ads drop as firms brace for weaker activity, surveys show
What are the main events for today?
Goldman Sachs no longer expects any more Bank of England cuts in 2025
GBPUSD retests 100/200 hour MAs.  Key level for both buyers and sellers
Japanese yen leads the major currencies space amid risk selloff
Goldman Sachs says global tech rally shows bubble traits but remains fundamentally sound
Stocks close higher but not Nvidia. It was a tough week for the market bellweather
China drops cautious tone as PBOC steps up yuan internationalisation
The Next Generation of On-Chain Apps Begins With 'Project Crypto'
SNB's Tschudin: We will only use negative rates when necessary
RBA governor Bullock offers no monetary policy comments in her speech today
US futures look to reverse the start of the week gains on the day
investingLive European markets wrap: Dollar, gold enjoying their time in the sun
Gold looks poised to close out September in style
Stocks Always Go Up, Right?
EURUSD Technicals: EURUSD falls to new lows and looks toward the midpoint target
Permanent migration to New Zealand plunged lower in August
US President Trump says Charlie Kirk is dead
US treasury to auction off $22 billion of 30 year bonds at the top of the hour
Russia, China discuss expanding oil exports as U.S. sanctions hit major producers
Welcome to tradeCompass: A Trusted Map for Traders
FX option expiries for 6 October 10am New York cut
investingLive Americas FX news wrap: The melt up continues
ECB's Escriva: Inflation remains contained
Japanese yen falls as Takaichi wins key vote to become next prime minister
Crude oil inventory see a draw of -0.961 million versus a build of 1.205 million estimate
It's not clear if Carney and Trump will speak again after meeting
Economic calendar in Asia 03 Sept '25: Reserve Bank of Australia Governor Bullock speaking
Fed's Bowman does not comment on monetary policy or economic outlook
Chile’s central bank sets benchmark interest rate at 4.75% (previously 4.75%)
European stocks keep lower at the open to start the new week
USDJPY Technical Analysis: Traders turn their focus to the BoJ after Takaichi victory
Goldman CEO sees complacency risk amid AI rally - warns a broad equity pullback on the way
Taco time: Crypto jumps as Vance says Trump willing to be reasonable negotiator
Canada's Carney threatened to block Teck Resources merger if HQ not in Canada
Eurozone July retail sales -0.5% vs -0.2% m/m expected
US House Speaker Johnson: Hopes furloughed workers receive backpay
China issues plan to further promote consumption activity
Reports now that Charlie Kirk has died - as yet unconfirmed
China's top trade negotiator Li Chenggang removed from post
Switzerland consumer confidence -39.9 vs -36.5 expected
North America holiday to keep things a little quieter to start the new week
Oracle could have the biggest single-day gain for a US company with a $500bn+ market cap
Germany September wholesale price index +0.2% vs -0.6% m/m prior
US, India to drive copper demand as China's growth slows; market becomes fragmented
Trump's shut down is the plan to allow mass, permanent, firings of Federal workers
Kering sells beauty business to L'Oréal to cut debt
Saudi Arabia is pushing for a large increase in OPEC+ production this weekend - report
Bitcoin Price Prediction: We Already Bought the Dip
Morgan Stanley lifts S&P 500 target to 7,800 as earnings and dovish Fed drive bull case
Eurozone September final services PMI 51.3 vs 51.4 prelim
Daly’s dovish tone boosts SGD as USD softens - MUFG analysis
Baker Hughes oil rig count +2 at 420. Crude oil is trading near unchanged on the day.
Takaichi and Koizumi go head-to-head in race to become Japan's next prime minister
U.S. charges four in Nvidia chip-smuggling case, revives calls for chip tracking
US futures are open for trade - but not for long! (US holiday Monday)
ECB's de Guindos: Current ECB interest rate level is adequate
investingLive European FX news wrap: A lacklustre session
EURUSD Technicals: Buyers pushes higher but the highs for the year loom as resistance
Tech stocks surge: Semiconductors and consumer cyclical sectors lead the rally
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: China deflation lingers, yen firms
Locked and loaded for non-NFP Friday
ICYMI - China data showed manufacturing sector contracted for a fifth straight month
ECB's Muller: Current level of interest rates is appropriate
Here is a US jobs number worth watching
The gold rush continues: what's the current picture and what are the risks?
If your chart is showing AUD/USD around 0.6630, get outta here! Pair trading around 0.6647
UK August monthly GDP +0.1% vs +0.1% m/m expected
Crude oil trading to new lows for the day back below 200 hour moving average at $63.83
Australian stock traders note: ANZ to cancel remaining A$800 million portion of buyback
US August federal budget deficit 345.0 billion vs 285.5 billion expected
Whoops, it did it again. The EURUSD bounces again off the 100 hour MA.
The US Senate has approved the first vote needed to reopen government, 60-40 vote
USD/JPY nears 155 mark as Takaichi tries to bend BOJ to her will
University of Michigan consumer sentiment (final) for August 58.2 vs 58.6 prelim
USDCAD Technicals: The USDCAD has set a floor this week at 1.4000. That is good to know.
US EIA weekly oil inventories +2415K vs -2031K expected
U.S. Treasury to auction off 2 and 5 year notes today
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 4 Nov.Bitcoin moves back below 100K on risk off sales.
Deutsche Bank sees S&P 500 surging to 8,000 by end-2026
There isn't just one economy. The US is on two very different paths
BoE made “right call” to hold rates, says J.P. Morgan
Fed's Barr: Not seeing a generalized spillover of tariffs into services inflation
Recap: Japan’s exports fall for 4th month, US tariffs hit autos and chip equipment hardest
Profit taking is the theme in markets today
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1113 – Reuters estimate
Recap: RBNZ surprises with 50-bp cut, hints at more easing as growth falters
Baker Hughes US oil rig count 412 vs 408 expected
Dollar flows set to lean more neutral this month-end - BofA
US treasury to auction $70B 5-year at the top of the hour
AUD, ASX and Aussie bond traders heads up - it's a partial holiday in Australia today.
If Gandhi Lived in the Age of ChatGPT
UK August ILO unemployment rate 4.8% vs 4.7% expected
Economic calendar in Asia Thursday, September 18 - NZ Q2 GDP & Australian jobs report
Forex Movers: Swiss Franc Leads YTD, Aussie Dollar Dominates in September
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Asia opens higher, US-China trade optimism lift
It's not as simple as assuming rate cuts mean lower long-term rates
FX option expiries for Monday 3 November (10am New York cut)
RBNZ: Large banks well placed to withstand solvency, liquidity impact of severe scenario
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.0962 – Reuters modelled estimate
China's Commerce Ministry says rare earth export controls are different to an export ban
OMB Director says the layoffs have begun
UK October Halifax house prices +0.6% vs +0.1% m/m expected
Italy October final CPI +1.2% vs +1.2% y/y prelim
Dollar holds steady as traders eye US data in second half of the week
Goldman Sachs says stocks aren’t in a bubble yet but risks rising
Ray Dalio warns US heading to a “debt-induced heart attack” in three years - USD to hurt
France September preliminary CPI +1.2% vs +1.3% y/y expected
BOJ governor Ueda: Board members did not agree to proposal by Takata, Tamura
EURUSD is threatening a key breakout: US jobless claims could lead to new lows
European indices close mostly higher on the day
Ukraine's Zelensky to meet Trump in Washington on Friday
HSBC sees U.S. dollar bottoming in early 2026 amid Fed cuts and leadership uncertainty
German economic minister: Slowdown in Q3, is also down to US tariffs
Recap - Japan’s service inflation quickens, reinforcing BOJ’s confidence ahead of meeting
Oil futures are open for trade, price pops after OPEC paused output hikes for Q1 2026
Goldman Sachs sees gradual CNY appreciation, USD/CNY at 6.85 over 12 months
Are capital flows really moving away from the US this year?
Trump's visit to Malaysia looks to be a twofold one
BOJ faces sticky inflation as wholesale index rises 2.7% in August
The risk mood keeps the calm to start the new week, for now at least
ECB's Schnabel: Economy is more resilient than expected
The Fed Meeting Today for Dummies
Canada PM Carney: We stand ready to sit down with the US
China auto industry body CPCA:  Tesla Inc exported 19,287 China-made vehicles in September
ICYMI - Leader of Japan's ruling party to call for a party election shake up.
China will set out a 5-year plan this month: What to expect
USD/JPY tries for another breakout move after Takaichi win
EURUSD Technicals: Price extends above 100-hour MA but falls short of 200-hour MA
Japan trade negotiator Akazawa says no date set yet for his next visit to the US
Major US stock indices move higher and on pace for record closes
Silver trades to $50 an ounce for the 1st time ever
Apple Intelligence in not intelligent so it's paying Google $1 Billion
Goldman sees strong central-bank buying, long-term gold target $4,900
ICYMI: Goldman sees OPEC+ raising November oil quotas by 140,000 barrels a day
Famed Short Trader Michael Burry Bets Against Palantir. Is He Profitable?
Italy July retail sales +0.0% vs +0.4% expected
Nvidia Technicals: Nvidia is down sharply. What has that done to the technicals?
Bitcoin holds the line at $100,000 for now as dip buyers try to make a stand
Japan’s Q2 GDP revised higher to 2.2%, fifth straight quarter of growth - recap
The upside risks are there: Why the second half of October could be positive
investingLive Americas market news wrap: Schmid highlights the case for dissent
China sets 4% steel growth goal, bans capacity expansion, and pushes green upgrade
Gold down on the day but price action stays in limbo since last week
Rabobank sees AUD/USD dipping to 0.65 before rallying to 0.89 in 12 months
BoE's Pill: We have seen more lasting changes to price and wage setting in UK
Gold hits a new all-time high but the upcoming US data could trigger a pullback
Japan vows ‘urgent’ market watch as yen weakens on expectations of huge stimulus
Gold futures technical analysis for today with tradeCompass (14 November 2025)
Early optimism in US stock markets quickly fade. Tesla turns negative
White House: Latest pharmaceutical tariffs to apply to countries with trade deals
Moderate dollar selling the signal for this month-end - Credit Agricole
Dollar keeps steadier alongside yields so far on the day
"Can I stil join that Palantir stock short?"
Japan pension giant GPIF starts domestic alternative investing with ¥50bn allocation
Gold hits a fresh record hig hat $3678/oz
ECB's Escrivá: We are at appropriate level of interest rates, no need for further guidance
EURUSD Technical Analysis: The focus turns to the US CPI report
Bitcoin pops after breaking above 200 hour moving average
Major US stock indices close higher. The Dow and S&P closed at record levels
GBPUSD edges to multi-week high but may be stalling
Australia loses 5,400 jobs in August, unemployment steady at 4.2%. What's deal with that?
UK consumer confidence slips on tax fears, outlook deepens gloom
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Yen strengthens, Trump's in town!
S&P 500 extends gain to 1%
CBO sees lower GDP in 2025 with higher inflation and unemployment
Japan sends envoy to China after Beijing protests Takaichi’s Taiwan comments
ECB's Kazaks: Risks to growth and inflation are more balanced
Economic calendar in Asia 27 October 2025: Reserve Bank Australia Governor Bullock speech
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 24 Nov: The USD closes the day mixed. Nasdaq soars.
Barclays: Powell likely to break close FOMC split in favour of cut
Goldman Sachs: Current U.S. shutdown could cause record economic damage
Japan PM Takaichi to examine new govt fiscal target for future that looks at fiscal state
Tesla sued for allegedly infringing robotics patents tied to Autopilot systems
South Korea and the US have both agreed to avoid manipulating FX rates. LOL.
Canada August producer price index +0.5% m/m vs +0.2% expected
European indices see gains to kick start the new week
Beijing and Berlin play down diplomatic rift after German minister cancels China trip
European indices mostly lower to kick start the session
US August new home sales 800K vs 650K expected
USDJPY Technicals: The USDJPY remains between two moving averages
BOJ governor Ueda: No preset ideas about timing of next rate hike
Germany August preliminary CPI +2.2% vs +2.1% y/y expected
Newsquawk Week Ahead: NVDA earnings, FOMC Minutes, RBA Minutes, UK, Canada and Japan CPI
Watchful eyes on the next Australian CPI report to confirm RBA's next move
EIA weekly crude oil inventories -3426K vs -603K expected
Gold Technicals: Gold corrected on Friday, but into support target area. What next?
Weekend - Czech central bank signals longer restrictive policy to curb inflation risks
Goldman: Yen intervention unlikely near 155, gradual recovery seen over time
investingLive Americas FX news wrap: Previous metals shine on Labor Day
European indices close mostly higher and with solid gains for the week
BOC Minutes: Members agreed inflation indicators pointed to 2.5%
Goldman Sachs says Supreme Court likely to curb presidential tariff powers under IEEPA
Weekly crude oil inventory data will be released at the bottom of the hour
China October M2 money supply +8.2% vs +8.1% y/y expected
There are 7 Federal Reserve officials speaking on Thursday, NY Fed's Williams among them
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Bitcoin loses all its 2025 gains
Financial Times: Europe ‘pretty precise’ plan to send troops to Ukraine, von der Leyen
Bostic signals caution on December rate cut, says data must guide next Fed move
Newsquawk Week Ahead: US-China trade talks, FOMC, BoC, BoJ, ECB and Aussie CPI
BofA sees BoJ hiking rates in January after hawkish October hold
UK Q3 preliminary GDP +0.1% vs +0.2% q/q expected
Saudi Arabia wants OPEC+ to speed up next oil production boost
Nvidia CEO Huang: Hope the Blackwell can be sold in China
Eurozone July trade balance €12.4 billion vs €7.0 billion prior
NVDA Options Sentiment
NZDUSD Technical Analysis: Rangebound price action as traders await new catalysts
NZD / NZX traders note - it's a New Zealand holiday today, markets are closed
Spain September manufacturing PMI 51.5 vs 53.9 expected
S&P 500 analysis today
AUDUSD Technicals: AUDUSD seller take control on a technical break
USDJPY falls back into the old range: what's next for the pair?
Fed's Goolsbee: Real-time indicators show a steady unemployment rate
Trump is expected to add a $100,000 for H-1B visa
Musk’s xAI seeks $20 bn funding. Nvidia investing and backing GPU-linked financing model.
Gold slowly nudges back towards $4,000 but sellers still hold control for now
UK CFOs flag record competitiveness fears ahead of Reeves’s tax-heavy budget
Tech leads recovery: Nvidia surges while consumer giants falter
Canada July trade balance -4.94B vs -4.75B expected
Gold creeps back up above $4,000 as dip buyers move quick to make themselves heard
US and Ukraine refine peace plan as major hurdles remain
Deutsche Bank sees euro rising to 1.25 end-2026 (global growth, Europe recover, soft USD)
Major stock indices are trading lower earlier US trading
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1056 – Reuters estimate
Palantir Stock Trade Idea (Short)
ECB's Nagel: Current monetary policy is appropriate
Five reasons gold just made another record high
US September Richmond Fed composite index -17 vs -7 prior
JPY and Nikkei traders heads up -  BOJ policy board member Nakagawa is speaking soon
How have interest rates expectations changed after the NFP report?
FX option expiries for 29 October 10am New York cut
ECB's Kocher: We are at the end of the rate cut cycle, or very close to it
Recap - Japan August CPI slows to nine-month low, BoJ seen cautious on next hikes
Preview - BofA forecasts sticky CPI at 2.9% y/y, tariffs keep inflation pressures alive
ECB's Simkus: I like the idea of a risk management cut
Bank of England Chief Economist Huw Pill speaks on Friday
ADP weekly US employment -11,250
"So, what do you think is going to happen after the FOMC meeting?"
Stocks are tumbling with the NASDAQ down over 2.2%. The S&P is down 1.6%.
Rollover for U.S. Equity Index Futures is Monday, September 15, 2025:What You Need to Know
China August Industrial Production +5.2% y/y, vs. expected 5.8%
PBOC sets USD/ CNY central rate at 7.0826 (vs. estimate at 7.1056)
FX option expiries for 24 November 10am New York cut
Bessent says shut down impact getting worse for economy, Hasset says recession possible
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Asia-Pac equities generally traded higher
Trump denies all the  weekend reports of his ill health, says he's "never felt better"
Deutsche Bank says hawkish Fed behind multi-asset selloff, but broader backdrop still firm
Major European indices close higher
Concerns on Fed independence mark a structural bearish factor for the US dollar - Nomura
There's a huge divergence between the US-Japan yield differential and the USDJPY pair
Ethereum Analysis Today
Canadian dollar falls to a seven-month low jnust hours ahead of Carney's first budget
The gold bulls pile back in as it nears pre-FOMC levels
Senate Democrats warn Trump: Don’t trade away national security secrets for China deal
USDCAD Technicals:Trade news and CPI send the USDCAD higher and lower.Price action settles
The NZDUSD stretches higher today, but runs into key resistance at the 100 day MA
investingLive European FX markets wrap: UK inflation cools, gold volatility continues
Offshore yuan not artificially cheap, Mizuho says, citing stronger regional positioning
How long might US economic data be delayed for amid the government shutdown?
USDJPY backs off from the high of the value area for the pair between 147.95 and 148.16
White House to delay healthcare proposal
US August employment trends 106.41 vs 107.55 prior
Trump on Russia-Ukraine peace deal: We are going to get it done
ECB's de Guindos: I expect inflation to converge towards the 2% target
New Zealand to announce the new RBNZ governor as soon as Wednesday
European indices keep the good mood flowing to start the day
Takaichi victory cools BOJ hike odds, rate path stays cautious
Hamas handed over its response to Trump's Gaza plan to mediator
BOJ maintains assessment for 8 of Japan's 9 regions in latest economic report
Risk sentiment on the rocks after the heavy selling yesterday
Media sources - There are enough votes in the US Senate to end the shutdown
ECB's Makhlouf: I'm comfortable with where monetary policy is
FX option expiries for 29 September 10am New York cut
Ethereuem is up 8% today. Is it still a buy?
BOJ governor Ueda: We need more data in deciding to adjust degree of monetary easing
China and Russia vow deeper cooperation in investment, energy, agriculture and culture
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: GBP & BTC down. Oil, NZD, gold all higher.
French government survives first no-confidence motion
Major indices move higher led by the NASDAQ index
USDJPY Technical Analysis – We remain stuck in a range ahead of the NFP
Why shares of Reddit are tumbling today
WTI crude oil falls $1 to the lowest since May
Inflation expectations for the year ahead seen unchanged in latest ECB poll
Japan PM Takaichi fills key panels with Abenomics-style stimulus advocates
Monday morning open levels - indicative forex prices - 24 November 2025
GBPUSD Technical Analysis – UK 30yr yields jump to a new cycle high
Gold continues its drop in Asia, towards $3525 now
PBOC sets USD/ CNY central rate at 7.0856 (vs. estimate at 7.1029)
Bank of America now sees the Fed cutting in October
NASDAQ index down close to the -1%. European indices close mixed.
Fed politicization, “Hassett effect” a potential shadow on the USD
Toyota executive Ueda: Japanese govmt positive view on reverse imports from US
Eurozone August final manufacturing PMI 50.7 vs 50.5 prelim
FX option expiries for 23 October 10am New York cut
investingLive Americas FX news wrap: Benchmark revisions slash 911K jobs from US payrolls
Eurozone Q3 GDP second estimate +0.2% vs +0.2% q/q prelim
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Australian jobs data boosts RBA cut expectations
Canada aims to ease US steel tariffs in trade talks on Tuesday
Australia's Lynas, world’s largest rare earths producer outside China, 66% revenue surge
Chinese insurers boost equity holdings to record levels, set to drive bull market
Economists want Waller as new Fed Chair. But, sry Chris, Trump is just not that into you.
USDJPY Technical Analysis: Is verbal intervention enough to stop yen slide?
NAB expects the RBA will cut the cash rate in November and again in February
NZDUSD dropped all the way back to the key support zone: US data to decide next direction
Copper and copper miners jump again as the Grasberg fallout reverberates
Globex is open! US equity indexes jump higher on US/China trade deal positivity
Traders continue to run back to the dollar for this week
SNB Minutes: Inflation is not expected to become persistently negative
More on the BoJ Gov Ueda, fin min Katayama, eco min Kiuchi meeting soon
Hey, hey, its NFP day! Oh .... wait ....
Reports now that the person in custody after Kirk shooting was not the shooter
Yen is gaining some ground ahead of the Bank of Japan announcement - READ THIS POST
Trump Fed candidate Hassett stresses central bank independence from politics
ECB's Lagarde: As of itself, French banking system is not a source of risk
I'm not the only one feeling this way
Why RBC remains upbeat on Canadian economy, sees no BOC cut
Germany November GfK consumer sentiment -24.1 vs -22.0 expected
China’s rare-earth export curbs hit European firms, EUR millions lost, shortages looming
Crude oil futures settle at $64.52
EU says expects US commitment on pharmaceutical tariffs cap will be respected
Fed's Williams says he expects rates to come down gradually over time
Silver Technical Analysis: We might have formed a major double top
Economic calendar in Asia Monday, November 24, 2025 - quiet one, Japan is on holidays too
Gold Analysis for Today (Oct 9, 2025)
NZDUSD Technical Analysis: Traders keep waiting for the key US data ahead of the next FOMC
Eurozone September M3 money supply +2.8% vs +2.8% y/y expected
ICYMI: Barclays cuts 2026 Brent forecast to $66 on OPEC+ supply unwind expectations
ECB's Escriva: Current level of rates is adequate
Trump "asking Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to get Big Homebuilders going"
Media reports that Senator Thune 'locked in' an agreement for shutdown end vote to pass
investingLive European FX markets wrap: Dollar steady, oil extends rebound on the week
Army Secretary Driscoll and chief of staff Gen. George visit Ukraine  - unannounced trip
Federal Reserve speakers Tuesday include Bostic, Bowman, Miran, Kashkari
GBPUSD stays within the constraints of the 100 hour MA below and the 200 hour MA below.
US stock markets beaten up at the open. S&P 500 falls 90 points
If court strikes down tariffs, there will be new actions imminently - Lutnick
Gold is now more than $100 off the lows
European Central Bank President Lagarde cautioned on a waning US dollar, tariff inflation
AUDUSD technicals:AUDUSD continues run higher started on Friday, but finds target selling
Monday open levels, indicative FX prices, 8 September '25. Japan PM Ishiba quit, yen lower
GBPUSD Technical Analysis: Key breakout avoided for now, what's next for the pair?
OPEC+ to raise output by 137k bpd
USD/JPY gains continue on the week, moves above 153.00 mark
Why non-farm payrolls are now a trading minefield
Recap: China deflation eases but persists, longest price decline streak since 1970s reform
SBI Crypto Subsidiary Loses ~$21M in Suspected North Korean Hack
More from Hamas: agrees to release all hostages, alive or bodies
How to Day Trade: This Critical Change Can Make or Break Traders
China October trade data: Exports -0.8% y/y (prior +8.4%) Imports +1.4% y/y (prior +7.5%)
Ukraine peace plan would surrender Donbas and halve its armed forces
AUDUSD Technicals. Buyers in the AUDUSD based at a key corrective target and pushed higher
Gold to a record high above US$3505
China October inflation data: CPI 0.2% y/y (expected 0%), PPI -2.1% y/y (expected -2.2%)
China will suspend 24% US tariffs for a year from November 10, to maintain 10% US tariffs
Gold's parabolic surge continues: Everyone's chasing this train now
Dollar holds steadier awaiting inflation data
Trump and Netanyahu near Gaza peace agreement, Hamas approval pending (Axios report)
Trump has signed the bill to reopen the US government
US real weekly earnings for September -0.1% versus -0.3% in August
US August existing home sales data out early: 4.00m vs 3.96m expected
investingLive Americas FX news wrap: Non-farm payrolls disappoint again
EURUSD technicals: The EURUSD is trading between 100/200 hour MA going into the weekend
Australia CPI (October) 0.0% m/m (-0.2% expected) & 3.8% y/y (3.6% expected)
Elon Musk is no longer the world's richest man as Oracle shares soar 42%
White House announces weapons sales to Saudi Arabia, also an AI MOU
Goldman Sachs chief equity analyst David Kostin retires after decade-of-darkness call
Gold getting ahead of the curve?
FX option expiries for 8 October 10am New York cut
A not so typical day with both the dollar and gold shining brightly
Gold set to stay underpinned going into next year - Credit Agricole
JPMorgan bullish through 2026, cites fading headwinds, sees S&P 500 breaking 7,000 soon
South Korea Q3 GDP +1.2% q/q (vs. expected +0.9%)
What lies ahead for the S&P 500 in 2026?
New York Fed raises 1 year inflation expectations to 3.4% from 3.2%
Fed's Bostic: AI is disrupting and has the potential to be quite challenging
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Russian drone incursions into Poland
Gold is surging higher, closing in on US$4050 again ... nope, above there now
Trump administration weighs chip-linked tariffs on electronics to boost U.S. manufacturing
Trump wants China to buy soybeans, says he believes China will make a deal on soybeans
Gold, silver reverses course on the day to turn lower
Oracle expects half a trillion dollars in booked cloud orders, stock rises 27% after hours
USDJPY falls into a major support zone: Bounce or new lows ahead?
Market Outlook for the week of 3rd-7th November
South Korea’s Lee warns US $350bn demand could spark 1997-style financial crisis
ECB's Kazimir: No time or need to fine-tune or overengineer monetary policy
OPEC+ weighs bigger November oil hike, up to 500,000 bpd under discussion
Monday open levels, indicative FX prices, 27 October 2025. US/China tariff Pavlov Dog time
Eurostoxx futures -0.2% in early European trading
Madrid authorities confirmed an outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza (H5N1)
Apple downgrade cites inflated iPhone & 18 Fold hopes. Jefferies: Apple to Underperform.
Eurostoxx futures flat in early European trading
Trump attack on Venezuela imminent? Says President Maduro heads a terrorist organization
FX option expiries for 6 November 10am New York cut
Newsquawk Week Ahead: US CPI, BLS revisions, ECB, OPEC, French Vote, China CPI, Japan GDP
investingLive Americas market news wrap: Big comeback in stock markets
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1336 – Reuters estimate
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1213 – Reuters estimate
BOJ outlines century-long ETF unwind, markets confident Japan’s stock rally can endure
NASDAQ index moves into new session lows
Trump is scrambling to find funds to pay the US military - Friday pay day looking good
US Bessent: Fed has been too high for too long
Gold recovers losses on the day, silver looks to seal a break above $50
Kremlin aid Ushavkov: Many provisions of US drafted Ukraine peace plan seem acceptable
Bank of Japan leaves rates unchanged, as expected
US futures continue to ramp higher on the session
Canada October employment change +66.6K vs -2.5K expected
Dollar just a touch lower at the balance to start the week
US indices close lower as the NASDAQ and Russell 2000 continue to slump
Japan sells 0.6 trillion yen in JGBs at enhanced-liquidity auction
U.S. Treasury sells $13 billion of 20 year bonds at a high yield of 4.506%
USDCAD makes a break to the topside.  Extends the trading range for the week
Trump tells the European Union to slam China & India with 100% tariffs, to pressure Putin
Gold Technicals: The sellers continue to lose as the trend continues with $4k in site
Rabobank expects AUD/USD to stay near 0.65 short term, rise to 0.68 over 12 months
EU Sefcovic: EU team is set to go to Washington to tackle various issues
Monday morning open levels - indicative forex prices - 17 November 2025
Xi, Putin put on a united front at the SCO summit
NZDUSD Technicals: The NZDUSD moves higher after 'the last' RBNZ cut.
Economic calendar in Asia Monday, November 3, 2025 brings another China PMI reading
Japan's Takaichi: We don't want to trigger an excessive yen decline
The coppper market keeps getting tighter
Fed's Jefferson says that difference in opinion among policymakers is a healthy thing
Big session coming up from the Fed - FOMC minutes, Barr, Kashkari, Musalem, Goolsbee speak
ICYMI: Trump administration reportedly considers Venezuela strikes, oil-field seizures
Japan government to compile economic measures to deal with inflation, tariffs - report
Morgan Stanley projects four straight Fed cuts through January, plus two more in 2026
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Auction shows softer demand for JGBs
Monday  - Xi, Putin to attend BRICS trade summit on U.S. tariffs; Modi skips
Reserve Bank of New Zealand NZIER Shadow Board calls for 25bp interest rate cut
Japan's Finance Minister Katayama says seeing one-sided rapid yen moves
Eurozone September industrial production +0.2% vs vs +0.7% m/m expected
Kansas City Fed President Schmid speaks on economic outlook, monetary policy on Monday
A mixed showing for European indices to kick start the session
Canadian RBC cardholder data shows that the consumer remains resilient
Major US stock indices close with solid gains
PBOC sets USD/ CNY central rate at 7.1019 (vs. estimate at 7.1081)
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: RBA caution, China confirm trade talk, metals hot
The USD is ending the day mixed
Heads up: French prime minister Bayrou set to face confidence vote later
Singapore's non oil exports slumped in August, very disappointing miss on estimates
All three Australian preliminary PMIs declined in September.
Asian currencies steady, risk appetite offers support: NAB
Japanese PM contender Koizumi says must be mindful of need for fiscal discipline ... but
France downgraded to A+ by S&P. Outlook from 'negative' to 'stable'
MUFG sees Bank of England (BoE) holding this week, December rate cut still base case
The Nasdaq remains skewed to the upside amid lack of bearish drivers
Economic calendar in Asia Friday, September 12, 2025 does not have much to move markets
ICYMI: White House wants equity-for-relief deals across 30 industries ahead of midterms
New high for the NASDAQ index is traders pile into tech shares
ECB's Escriva: We need to be agile and ready to move in any direction on monetary policy
Australian September Household Spending +0.2% m/m . September building permits +12% m/m.
BOJ policymaker Takata: Japan has already roughly achieved BOJ's price target
Ex-Fed President Mester says here's what's making the FOMC rate cut decision so difficult
Russian envoy says it was 'physically impossible' for Russian drone to reach Poland
Bank of America no longer expects BoE rate cuts in 2025
The US government shutdown is no longer affecting only American data
Quarterly Dallas Fed oil survey highlights deepening pessimism
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: JGB yields up again, yen down
Market Outlook for the week of 27th-31st October
People's Bank of China injects 300bn yuan through 14-day reverse repos
Major stock indices are trading lower earlier US trading.Netflix sells off after earnings.
China urges US to promptly correct "wrong practices" with regards to tariffs
EURUSD extends higher and stretches toward the end of July highs
Japanese politics - LDP head Takaichi will hold a meeting with a minor party today
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Awaiting Federal Reserve Chair Powell speech
Breakout in Caterpillar shares highlights global economic strength
Canada MoM GDP for July 0.2% versus 0.1% expected
NASDAQ index closes at a new record high. S&P unchanged. Dow modestly lower
China's Xi: Should adhere to openness and win-win cooperation
USDJPY remains stuck in the range as traders await the FOMC and BoJ decisions
Japan's Topix has risen to its highest ever
European indices off to a rough start to the day
US MBA mortgage applications w.e. 17 October -0.3% vs -1.8% prior
Economic calendar in Asia Wednesday, September 10, 2025: Chinese inflation data
Spain August services PMI 53.2 vs 54.4 expected
Federal Reserve Chair Powell is speaking on Tuesday
USDCHF Technical Analysis: Traders await the key US data ahead of the FOMC decision
Saylor's MicroStrategy lifts its bitcoin trove past $68bn after fresh $50mn purchase.
Fed Chair wannabe Rieder says Federal Reserve may be on hold until June 2026!
Eurozone November Sentix investor confidence -7.4 vs -4.0 expected
AUDUSD recovers early losses with the focus turning back to US data
Germany September final CPI +2.4% vs +2.4% y/y prelim
USD/JPY update, around 148.10. ICYMI, JPY slammed lower after Japan PM Ishiba resigned
EURUSD Technicals: The correction higher has taken the EURUSD to the MA target. What next?
China seen holding lending rates steady today despite Fed cut. Unchanged 4 straight months
Canadian dollar trades at the best levels in a month as BOC moves to the sidelines
investingLive European markets wrap: Dollar gains fade, China expands rare earth curbs
The USD is higher to start the US session. What are the technicals telling traders?
USDJPY Technical Analysis: The US dollar strength runs out of steam
NY Fed August consumer inflation expectations: One year ahead 3.2% vs 3.1% prior
Want some inside info? Here's what Trump is personally buying according to 'Ethics' office
Oil - private survey of inventory shows a huge headline crude oil build (10x expected)
Dow Jones Technical Analysis
Preview - BoJ seen keeping rates at 0.5% as tariffs, U.S. slowdown weigh on outlook
Eurostoxx futures -0.5% in early European trading
This chart should terrify everyone in Japan
Switzerland plans U.S. gold refinery, pharma output boost to ease Trump tariffs
Australian consumer prices rose in August at fastest annual pace in a year - RBA won't cut
Fed's Bowman: Fed to shift toward proactive forward looking approach
Here is a big reason why stock markets are so strong
Calpers to vote against Elon Musk’s $1 trillion Tesla pay package
Reserve Bank of New Zealand's own inflation indicator +2.7% y/y
USDCHF Technicals: USDCHF sitting  between swing areas to start the new trading week
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: RBA holds. USD dollar firmer, but yen recovers
US UMich final September consumer sentiment 55.1 vs 55.4 expected
ConocoPhillips warn oil market sentiment may be too bearish as physical supply stays tight
Goldman Sachs CEO Solomon says expects a 25bp Fed rate cut, followed by another one or two
CBA warn RBA path muddied as inflation risks rise. No cut this week, November cut in doubt
BOJ should refrain from hiking rates in December, says Takaichi's economic adviser
China’s hidden gold buying may be 10× official data as de-dollarisation accelerates
Trump appears to be leveraging the fall in oil prices
US dollar climbs to the best levels of the day
Eurozone July PPI +0.4% vs +0.2% m/m expected
AUDUSD Technicals: The AUDUSD fell on risk-off flows with technicals also leading the way
Deutsche Bank tips Fed to cut rates at September, October and December meetings this year
Preview: Tesla’s Q3 sales expected midweek, seen around 450K tax-credit rush skews demand
European indices open lower as the market mood remains cautious
'Sell the fact' trade hits Tesla shares hard
European Central Bank President Lagarde and side kick Lane both speak on Thursday
Fed's Goolsbee: We have a low-hiring, low-firing jobs market
Atlanta Fed GDPNow growth estimate for Q3 falls to 4.0% from 4.2%
UK October construction PMI 44.1 vs 46.7 expected
Germany September final services PMI 51.5 vs 52.5 prelim
Fed Kugler dirt: Filings show Kugler made dozens of banned trades before key Fed meetings
Japan's new economic stimulus package to exceed 20 tln yen - Kyodo reporting
China set for 5% growth in 2026 on strong exports, Macquarie's out of consensus call says
SNB chairman Schlegel: There is a high bar to negative rates
UK inflation - shop prices rise at fastest pace since February, BRC warns on levies
European indices open lower to start the session
Germany August final services PMI 49.3 vs 50.1 prelim
European indices hold slightly lower as the session gets underway
Eurostoxx futures -0.1% in early European trading
China cracks down on “zero-mileage” auto exports used to inflate sales and claim tax perks
Fed expected to begin rate cuts this month but NFP may pose a key risk - Morgan Stanley
FX option expiries for 21 November 10am New York cut
Bank of America sees gold at US$5,000, silver at US$65 by 2026 amid US policy risks
China August inflation data: CPI -0.4% y/y (expected -0.2%)
BOE Dhingra: Restrictive monetary policy risks damaging the economy
Gold stays poised in waiting on the Fed this week
Reuters Tankan: Japan manufacturers at 3-year peak, services rebound to +27
Recap - Tokyo inflation quickens to 2.8%, fuelling bets on BoJ rate hike
Japan - Ishin party leader says mostly agreed on conditions with LDP to form coalition
Morgan Stanley: Market correction nearly done, pullback is a buying opportunity into 2026
More from US Bessent: Trump's Friday social media post turned the tables
Russia's Dmitriev: Russia/US dialogue is vital for world
Nomura pulls back call on another Fed rate cut in December
US small cap stocks surge as Fed tips two more rate cuts
USDCAD Technicals: The USDCAD is stepping lower and is the biggest mover vs USD today.
EURUSD moves to new session lows. Back below a swing area between 1.1730 and 1.17419.
US Supreme Court to hurry its review of Trump's tariffs, will begin in ... November. LOL.
ICYMI - Trump's Fed nominee Miran faces Senate vote Wednesday, ahead of Sept FOMC meeting
NZDUSD breaks back above the 100 day MA. Close risk is now at MA level.
South Korea factory activity contracts again as U.S. tariffs weigh on demand
Buffett to release farewell letter Monday preparing to step down as Berkshire Hathaway CEO
FOMC preview: Powell to push back on market rate-cut hopes, disappointment for doves
European indices close higher on the day/for the week
Eurostoxx futures +0.5% in early European trading
Bank of Canada isn't happy with the mess of core inflation indicators
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Light news flow session
China gold reserves end September at US$283.29bn vs. $253.84bn end August
UK August Nationwide house prices -0.1% vs +0.2% m/m expected
Goldman Sachs ramps up its copper price forecast risk
USDCAD moves lower after stronger than expected jobs report. What next technically?
New to Day Trading? Use Micro Contracts to Take Partial Profits
The GBPUSD is trading to a new low as BOE Bailey says there is further room to cut rates
Berkshire reveals $4.3bn Alphabet stake, adding Google to its top holdings
US government shutdown set to be the longest one yet
France October business confidence 97 vs 96 prior
EU's Costa says he shared strong concerns with China Premier Li
Tesla Technicals:Tesla approaches a key topside target. Can the buyers push through?
China prioritises yuan stability over exports as PBOC defends currency
UK Treasury ask banks to make public, prominent endorsement of Budget (not making this up)
The story remains the same for the USDCAD technicals. Traders waiting for the break.
ECB's Makhlouf: Inflation is in good place, but risks remain
Mixed market signals: Tech dips while energy surges
Williams says December Fed a balancing act: sticky high inflation vs. consumer stress
Gold is up $50 or 1.21% at $4147. Yesterday the low price tested $4000 and bounced
FX option expiries for 23 September 10am New York cut
If the US government shuts down there will be no NFP report on Friday
Nasdaq futures analysis for today & this week, with tradeCompass
BOE to stay on hold today but keep an eye out on the bank rate vote - BofA
S&P 500 and Nasdaq extend losses as Nvidia drags the markets lower
Major currencies muted awaiting US PCE data
Australian Federal Police have raided WiseTech - investigating alleged insider trading
Switzerland September CPI Y/Y +0.1% vs +0.3% expected
Philly Fed non-manufacturing index -22.2 versus -12.3 last month
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 22 Oct. Concerns about Russia & China weigh on markets
White House's Hassett: I think the shutdown is likely to end sometime this week
New Zealand ANZ Commodity Price Index September: -1.1% m/m (prior +0.7%)
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: USD steadies higher, gold struggled above US$4140
Trump on Australia: Will discuss critical materials/rare earths
RBA minutes - Signals patience on rate cuts, says policy still slightly restrictive
FX option expiries for 25 September 10am New York cut
RBA leaves cash rate unchanged at 3.60% as expected in Sept monetary policy decision
AUDUSD Technical Analysis: The US dollar stalls as rate cut odds increase
Trump makes Oval Office statement on Charlie Kirk’s death
Chinese President Xi Jinping has agreed to speak with Trump, call scheduled Friday
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Nvidia Q3 beats, solid guidance, lifted sentiment
European indices close mixed on the day. S&P and NASDAQ on pace for record closes
Japan trade negotiator Akazawa reportedly making arrangement for US visit tomorrow
Trump's Brazil tariffs are under threat -  some of his party in Congress vote against
USD/JPY back above 147.60, USD stronger across the majors board, while gold shakes it off
The AUDUSD stalls the rise against last week's high giving sellers some skin in the game
EURUSD is threatening another breakout of the range as the US dollar stays on the backfoot
BOE Greene: Core and services inflation are going sideways
AUDUSD Technicals: AUDUSD falls below the 200 day MA.  Can the momentum continue?
investingLive Americas market news wrap: The TACO trade kicks in
ISM manufacturing highlights the US economic calendar as futures worsen
Chinese President Xi says to enhance energy partnership with Russia
Goldman sees 7.7% annual global equity returns, urges investors to look beyond the U.S.
UK September monthly GDP -0.1% vs 0.0% expected
Critical Metals Corp sinks after White House official says US not weighing stake
Italy August retail sales -0.1% vs +0.0% expected
US stocks are set to open higher.
European indices open slightly lower to kick start the day
New Zealand September trade balance -1355mn NZD (prior -1185mn)
AUDUSD Technicals: AUDUSD is having an up and down trading day, but trading back at lows
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Yen weak
USDCHF Technicals: The USDCHF is trending to the upside, but can traders trust the move?
Ifo institute slashes German economic growth forecasts in latest outlook update
Sterling vulnerable if BOE cuts rates in December, MUFG says
UK to announce emergency measures to boost London housebuilding. GBPUSD rebounds.
FX option expiries for 28 October 10am New York cut
UK July mortgage approvals 65.35k vs 64.40k expected
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Oil gapped up a little on OPEC output pause news
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: JPY the big loser, Nikkei winner on Takaichi win
All eyes turn to the US PCE price inflation to wrap up the week
SoftBank and Hitachi among investors in $550 billion U.S. plan
FX option expiries for 24 September 10am New York cut
USDCAD technicals. USDCAD is testing the extremes of the narrow trading range. What next?
Japan expected to unveil ¥17tn stimulus focused on cost relief and AI–chip investment
investingLive European markets wrap: A steadier mood awaiting more US data
USDJPY Technical Analysis: Verbal intervention isn't stopping the bearish yen trend
Qatar: Condemns the attack by Israel on Hamas delegation
Gold falls short of the $3900 level and trades lower
EURUSD spiked into a new 2025 high but gave back all the gains. Was that just a fakeout?
New Zealand data - Building permits (July 2025) +5.4% m/m (prior -6.0%)
USDCAD technicals: USDCAD trades down and up but holds support. Buyers push.
Saks Global is considering selling 49% of Bergdorf Goodman for about $1 billion
European shares close mostly higher led by the Italy's FTSE MIB
Italy October preliminary CPI (HICP) +1.3% vs +1.7% y/y expected
UK October retailing reported sales -27 vs -29 prior
Trump: The meeting with Xi was amazing
Bitcoin trades to the lowest level since October 17. On pace for lowest close since July
Fed's Miran: Policy has become much more restrictive this year
ECB's Villeroy: French growth is not strong enough but remains positive
Germany ZEW survey current conditions -76.4 vs -75.0 expected
The August PCE report is coming up next
European equity market close: Gains of more than 1% with a strong finish
US markets (Globex) are open for the new week's trade, equity index futures gap higher
ECB policymakers are convinced that no further rate cuts are needed to deliver 2% inflaton
Atlanta Fed GDPNow tracker for Q3 growth jumps to 3.47%% vs 2.18% prior
UK September final services PMI 50.8 vs 51.9 prelim
Canada retail sales to be released at 8:30 AM
Bankers warn Bitcoin treasuries boom risks creating leveraged crypto time bomb
Tesla accelerates while Lilly stumbles: Today's market movers
EURUSD moves up to the 100 hour/day MAs, and finds sellers
Trump: UK wants to make adjustments on trade deal
HSBC expects BOE to stay on the sidelines until April 2026
Major currencies lightly changed to start the session
Ex-BoJ member Adachi: October rate hike cannot be ruled out
Eurozone September construction output -0.5% vs -0.1% m/m prior
TSLA news: Tesla cut China Model 3 RWD price amid growing competition and softer EV demand
The BLS will release the September CPI report on Friday, October 24 at 8:30 AM ET
Germany October GfK consumer sentiment -22.3 vs -23.3 expected
FX option expiries for 15 September 10am New York cut
Stock Market Investing: A Better DCA Strategy!
US initial jobless claims 229K vs 230K expected
China house prices plunge even further in August, down 2.5% y/y (prior -2.8%)
A mixed open for major indices with modest changes
China reportedly considers new system in fast-tracking rare earth exports
Bitcoin is approaching all-time highs  Buyer racing the digital currency to the upside.
Paul Tudor Jones says stocks could surge before a sharp market peak reminiscent of 1999
Visa headlines the earnings reports after the close
Gold hits a fresh record high at $3678/oz
Chinese state media is paying out on Japan PM Takaichi, "spewing sh*t"
North Korea have fired off another ballistic missile
What are the main challenges for Japan's first female prime minister Takaichi?
The USDCAD is trading to new highs for the week. The sellers became buyers after the Fed
China suspends special port fees on US ships for one year
Trump's Fed Board pick Miran has enough Senate votes to win
European indices bounce back at the open today after the drop yesterday
Stock markets feel the recession pinch. Why the thinking about the economy is changin
Bitcoin Analysis Today
U.S. Treasury sells $69 billion of 2-year notes at a high yield of 3.504%
Reminder: The clocks turned back by an hour in Europe on the weekend
ICYMI: Bessent: Yuan weakness a bigger problem for Europe than the U.S.
Kansas City Fed manufacturing index for October 15 versus 4 last month
Microsoft Technicals: The price low holds the 200 day MA at $466.89 for 2nd day in a row.
Trump says he thinks we are going to be fine with China, Nov 1 tariffs still the plan
Fed's Barkin: There is not much confidence in any inflation forecast at this point
Standard Chartered sees Fed slashing rates by 50 bps in September on weak jobs report
Belarus embraces crypto amid sanctions, Lukashenko calls digital assets “strategic”
Major US stock indices trading at session lows
Tesla cuts prices on its US models, shares slide
There are six Fed officials speaking on Thursday, October 16, 2025, including Waller
Trump says expects to lower fentanyl linked tariffs on China
Brazil Supreme Court sentences former President Bolsonaro to 27 years in prison
Record levels for the Dow, NASDAQ and the S&P index
China’s Premier Li Qiang to deliver keynote at Shanghai import expo
ECB's Villeroy: ECB is not in a fixed position, we need full optionality
Hong Kong's central bank follows the Fed and cuts its base rate - this is an automated cut
French PM Bayrou loses confidence vote in national assembly
USDCAD Technicals: The sellers in the USDCAD had their shot, and they missed.
RBA hold, preview. TD Securities: RBA unlikely to signal cuts as labour market stays firm.
Goldman Sachs’ domestic-versus-international revenue tracker to lowest level since 2010
Heads up for Trump to speak imminently: 2145 US Eastern time (0245 GMT)
Goldman: Trump trade policy now key driver of US inflation. See tariffs delaying Fed cuts.
Nasdaq climbs to a fresh record led by Apple and Tesla
BOJ's Uchida: Japan economy recovering moderately, albeit with some weak signs
McDonald’s CEO flags US economic risk as lower-income consumers cut back sharply
USDCAD Technicals: USDCAD runs to the upside and toward the highs of the last 8 weeks
Bill Ackman Pershing Square CEO: Positive on the US economy.
Major indices move up and down volatile trading. NASDAQ lower. S&P near unchanged. Dow up
Philly Fed non-manufacturing index -12.3 vs -17.5 prior
Major currencies muted as we look to European morning trade later
Fed's Goolsbee: It's still a pretty steady labor market
Traders turn to the dollar as yields blowout finally takes a toll on markets
Japanese media reports that the ruling party leadership election could be in early October
Initial jobless claims were likely messed by Texas
This library is the future of the world
Australian bank ANZ admits misconduct in bond trading, gets AUD240mn penalties
New Zealand Q3 CPI +1% q/q (expected +1%) and +3% y/y (expected +3%)
Major Australian bank ANZ has announced approximately 3,500 jobs will go by September 2026
AUDUSD Technicals: AUDUSD gets a boost from US/China trade framework
White House wants Congress to oppose export-restrictions targeting Nvidia chips to China
European indices close mostly higher on the day. Spain's Ibex the exception
Atlanta Fed GDPNow Q3 estimate 3.8% vs 3.9% prior but we will soon be flying blind
KiwiBank: RBNZ to cut 75bp by year-end, economy not recovering from recession
SNB's Chairman Schlegel: Inflation is expected to rise slightly in the coming quarters
ECB’s Rehn warns inflation may slow too much, flags risk of equity-market correction
US stock markets sizzle at the open, slump midday and then recover to gains
Baker Hughes oil rig count -12 to 407
The USD is higher to start the day with the USDJPY leading the way again
Switzerland says No on gold - Swiss gold industry warns against hasty US shift
Fed Paulson: Favors gradual path of rate cuts over this year into next
Newsquawk Week Ahead: US PCE, SNB, Flash PMIs, Aussie and Tokyo CPI
Lisa Cook WILL attend the September 16-17 Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting
Duffy warns U.S. air travel will worsen before holidays as FAA cuts expand amid shutdown
Treasury repeats that it will keep coupon auction sizes steady
S&P 500 Futures Analysis & Forecast: 6600 Rejected as SPX Options Pin; Levels for the Week
New Zealand data: September Card Spending Retail -0.5% m/m (prior +0.6%)
Mark Carney's first budget as Canadian Prime Minister will be released Nov 4
Newsquawk Week Ahead: US ISM PMIs, ADP, Supreme Court Tariff Hearing, RBA, BoE, OPEC-8
Italy September business confidence 87.3 vs 87.5 expected
investingLive Americas markets wrap: Gold keeps making records
August non-farm payrolls set to be one of the "most consequential" in a while - SocGen
Fed's Jefferson: Expect disinflation to resume next year
BOJ governor Ueda: Want to see early momentum of spring wage negotiations
Paramount prepares a bid for Warner Bros. Discovery - report
ECB's Lane: Shifts in the risk distribution will also matter for our rate decisions
Heads up - US Core PCE coming up at the bottom of the hour
Hamas chief says they declare an end to the war today and permanent ceasefire
Atlanta Fed GDPNow growth estimate for Q3 rises to 3.1% from 3.0% previously
Gold consolidates near all-time highs as traders switch their focus to the data
Multiple airlines have suspended flights to Venezuela citing rising tensions
Bitcoin Analysis for Today
Could Bitcoin hit US$1mn. Yes. Here's what it would take. 4 key requirements.
Fed's Musalem: I could support a path with another cut if more risks to jobs
Switzerland August manufacturing PMI 49.0 vs 46.9 expected
investingLive European market wrap: Dollar steady, stocks ease; US PCE, month-end in focus
Putin/Trump meeting in Budapest put on hold
GBPUSD survives a major downside breakout: UK CPI coming up
Trump: First question to Xi will be about fentanyl
Japan 2026 huge crypto overhaul: tightening oversight, slashing taxes, insider trading law
ECB's Escriva: Exchange rate level not a concern, inflation projections on target
Crude oil futures settle at $62.37.What did the fall do to the technicals for oil traders?
Bitcoin slumps to fresh four-month lows, technical trouble continues to brew
Fed speakers Monday include Waller, Hammack, Williams, Musalem, Bostic
Newsquawk Week Ahead: US, UK, Japan and Canada CPI, Flash Global PMIs, Japan PM Vote
Spain Q3 preliminary GDP +0.6% vs +0.6% q/q expected
New Zealand data: August trade balance is NZD -1.19bn (prior -578mn)
Silver hits record above $52.70 as squeeze intensifies; Goldman warns of volatility
GBPUSD Technicals: The GBPUSD tests the low from October target and finds buyers
Big wave of proft-taking hits after the FOMC and Powell's 'risk management cut'
Gold's relentless rally seems unstoppable: what's next and what are the risks?
USDCAD Technical Analysis: US dollar rally takes a breather
U.S. Treasury auctions off $69 billion of 2 year notes at a high yield of 3.489%
USDCHF Technicals: Buyers make a play above the 50% of the range since August 1 high
Eric Trump loves Hut 8 Corp
Alphabet climbs toward $4T as Nvidia slides on rising AI-chip competition
U.S. urges U.K. to ban Chinese firms from all critical infrastructure over security risks
China adds 200 billion yuan in new local bond quota to spur investment
Powell Q&A: "I don't think we can say" that policy no longer warrants a restrictive policy
RBNZ Governor Hawkesby says house prices and credit growth not raising red flags
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 16 Sep: US retail sales climb ahead of FOMC  decision
Westpac forecasts Reserve Bank of New Zealand rate cuts in October and November
Japan prime minister Takaichi says hopes for BOJ to guide monetary policy appropriately
US SEC votes approve generic listing standards for new crypto ETFs
White House: Trump to meet with Japan, China and So. Korea leaders next week
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis President Alberto Musalem speak on Friday
Gundlach: Gold will 'almost certainly' close above $4000 before year end
Equities look to bounce back in the new day
ECB's Wunsch: We are in a good place
Three police officers have been fatally shot - Pennsylvania, USA
European indices see green at the open as risk sentiment improves
OPEC+ likely to agree to another production increase on Sunday - report
Indonesia's central bank threatens forex intervention
Japan - the yen has gapped lower, while the Nikkei has a huge gap higher
Risk appetite looks to pick up as US government shutdown sees potential end
Eurozone July unemployment rate 6.2% vs 6.2% expected
Fed's Hammack: Cutting rates risks prolonging high inflation
Economic calendar in Asia Tuesday, September 9, 2025
Eurostoxx futures +0.8% in early European trading
(FT) - US will urge the G7 to hit China and India with high tariffs re Russian oil buying
Stan Chart sees Bitcoin hitting $200K this year: ETF inflows surge, US fiscal risks mount
China reportedly begins easing rare earth export curbs but unlikely to fulfill US promise
The USD is running higher as the North American traders enter for the day
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1081 – Reuters estimate
BoE seen holding rates in September, economists split on timing of next interest rate cuts
RBA today - preview: Westpac tips cash rate hold, still sees November cut as base case.
investingLive European markets wrap: Dollar bounces back, US futures inch up
'Rare earth' is the magic word as Cleveland-Cliffs rises 18%
ICYMI - Fed's Waller still lobbying for Fed Chair - said he wants a December rate cut
UK August final services PMI 54.2 vs 53.6 prelim
RBA governor Bullock: We did not considering cutting rates
ICYMI: US to expand stakes in key firms to counter China’s industrial policy, Bessent says
Edgen Launches Multi Agent Intelligence Upgrade to Unify Crypto and Equity Analysis
Gold shows impressive resilience despite major headwinds: what are the risks ahead?
investingLive European markets wrap: Euro struggles as French political crisis deepens
US indices are closing lower as the NASDAQ and Russell 2000 continue to slump
Today's NFP setup is diametrically opposite to the one we had in August
USD/JPY breakout or yet another fakeout?
Fed's Kashkari: Too soon to know if inflation will be sticky from tariffs
ICYMI - OpenAI asks U.S. for loan guarantees to fund $1 trillion AI expansion
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: US jobs data eyed as yen rallies on wages
ADP US jobs data coming up next
Japan September final manufacturing PMI 48.5 (flash was 48.4)
FX option expiries for 4 September 10am New York cut
EURUSD pulls back into a key trendline: has the US dollar already run out of energy?
investingLive Asia-Pacific news wrap: Musk to get Tesla trillion/China to miss NVDA chips
Economic calendar in Asia Monday, Sept 15, 2025 - Chinese August economic activity data
SNB chairman Schlegel: We remain willing to be active in the FX market as necessary
New Zealand August Services PMI 47.5, down from previous 48.9
ECB's Kazaks: ECB rate at 2% is appropriate
Fed's Bostic speaking at the top of the hour
S&P 500 Technical Analysis for Today with tradeCompass (September 22, 2025)
South Korea exports and imports have both jumped in the first 10 days of the month
Goldman Sachs AM sees Fed cutting 25bp in October and December after latest move
Oil: private survey of inventory shows a headline crude oil build vs. draw expected
investingLive Americas market news wrap: Fed's Williams to the rescue
JPMorgan forecasts EUR/CHF at 0.95 in Q1 2026, rising to 0.96 by Q4 '26
ECB's Kazimir: Inflation goal met, we will act only if needed
UK September CBI retailing reported sales -29 vs -32 prior
USDCAD Technicals: Same story, different day.Price has support at converged MAs at 1.3804.
UK July retail sales +0.6% vs +0.2% m/m expected
JPY intervention cheat sheet: from verbal to physical action
A mixed start to the day for European indices
It's a bloodbath in the crypto market
U.S. Treasury cells 26 billion a 5 year TIPS at a high yield of 1.182%
Bank of Japan Governor Kazuo Ueda will meet with  Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi today
Fed's Logan (voter in 2026) says she would have preferred to hold rates
USD/JPY drops on BOJ decision as Takata and Tamura dissents
Monday levels, indicative FX prices, October 13, 2025 (some TACO moves filtering through)
USDCHF Technicals: Buyers and Sellers are getting frustrated with the ups and downs
US pending home sales for October 1.9% versus 0.5% estimate
USDJPY sits near the key 100-day MA ahead of the FOMC rate decision.
ECB's Simkus: In the medium-term, the projected indicators are aligned with the 2% target
US president Trump: I don't want to meet with Canadian prime minister Carney
China’s 'very strong' rare earths leverage set to endure, says Goldman Sachs
Technology sector advances while healthcare stalls
NASDAQ Futures Analysis: Sellers Reassert Control After Early Bounce
JPY rose after two dissents at the BOJ - both wanted a rate hike
PMI data in focus in European trading today
U.S. Treasury auctions of $22 billion of the 30 year bonds at a high yield of 4.734%
Cameco shares hit a record as US looks to boost national uranium stockpile
US dollar falls after ADP reveals a softer US jobs report
JPMorgan blames leveraged ETFs for worsening Wall Street selloff, warns of more to come
Trump has told his advisers he’s planning to speak directly with Nicolas Maduro
Economic calendar in Asia Wednesday, September 17, 2025
US stocks close mixed. Nasdaq and S&P close higher and at new records
US stocks trim losses late but finish lower on the day and the week
ECB's Simkus: Inflation to only shift marginally from target
Eurostoxx futures +0.4% in early European trading
ECB's Patsalides: European economy is showing resilience
Crude oil futures settle at $62.37
Japan prime minister Takaichi says stimulus package isn't reckless spending
SNB sets high bar for negative rates as Schlegel warns of side effects
Australian regulator warns banks against easing mortgage standards
China reportedly made purchases of two cargoes of US wheat for December shipment
Shots fired at UMass Boston, large police response - markets shrug it off
Reports of Russian drone incursions into Poland (breach of NATO airspace).
Japan PM contender Takaichi: Govt responsible to set direction of fiscal, monetary policy
Wingtech shares jump as Beijing, Netherlands signal easing of Nexperia export dispute
What key events and releases are scheduled for next week (some subject to the US shutdown)
August US ADP employment +54K vs +65K expected
investingLive Americas news wrap: SEC to propose rule to end quarterly reporting
Bitcoin Analysis Today with orderFlow Intel at investingLive.com
UK Finance Minister Reeves: Britain's economy is not broken
Trump: Would love to take off Iran sanctions, if they talk
USDCAD Technicals:The USDCAD is correcting lower and testing break points from yesterday
Gold Technical Analysis: The rangebound price action continues amid rate cut uncertainty
Newsquawk Week Ahead: China CPI and Activity Data, UK & Aussie Jobs, BoJ SOO
Gold catches bids again in European morning trade
Heads up: There's going to be a barrage of Fed speakers coming up later in the day
US GDP 2nd estimate for Q2 3.3% vs 3.1% estimate
SNB chairman Schlegel: We are prepared to cut interest rates below zero if required
France July trade balance -€5.56 billion vs -€6.1 billion expected
Fed's Miran: Growth in the 1st half of the year was slower than expected amid uncertainty
Gold trades to new all-time highs
European indices bounce back a little to start the day, for now
USTR Greer:  We are always going to trade with China . Need to find a comfortable place
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 10 Sep: US PPI comes in weaker than expectations.
France September business confidence 96 vs 96 prior
European indices hold lightly changed at the open today
Market shake-up: Semiconductor woes and tech swings, with financials lifting the mood
US officially confirms that Trump will visit South Korea on 29-30 October
ECB’s Scicluna flags trade, euro risks but sees policy well placed
Tesla Robotaxi now open to the public, is “available to all”
Bank of England Deputy Governor Dave Ramsden is speaking on Monday, September 29, 2025
RBNZ’s Hawkesby says rising joblessness within expectations, flags trade risks
EU and US look to partner up to take on China's rare earth clampdown
BEA: GDP 3Q data originally scheduled for October 30 is canceled
Australia sues Microsoft, says Copilot rollout misled 2.7 million customers on pricing
Japan data - Capex for Q2 +7.6% y/y (expected +6.2%)
US October Challenger layoffs 153.074k vs 54.064k prior
Sterling weighed down after UK jobs report
France September final CPI +1.2% vs +1.2% y/y prelim
Fed talk roundup: Hammack says inflation is a bigger problem than jobs
Open AI preparing for IPO that could value company around US$1 trillion
The Gap and Ross Stores on the state of the US consumer
OPEC+ leaning to another modest output increase at Sunday's meeting
ECB's Kocher: Some of the data since September is slightly better
Eurozone September PPI -0.1% vs 0.0% m/m expected
GBPUSD Technicals: The GBPUSD falls to new lows after 200 hour MA capped the rally
ECB’s Escrivá signals extended policy pause as inflation meets target and growth diverges.
USDCHF Technical Analysis: The greenback remains in charge
The bond market once again finds itself at a key juncture
USDCAD Technicals: Sellers come up short of target on the corrective move lower.
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: BOJ Governor Ueda to meet with PM Takaichi later
Australia inflation jumps again, wiping out rate-cut hopes and lifting AUD, yields - recap
investingLive European FX news wrap: Awaiting the US PMIs and more Fedspeak
Trump tempers tone after 100% China tariff threat: Recap of Trump China-US trade tirade
Gold remains the standout today, eyes major upside breakout above $3,500
New Zealand ANZ Commodity Price Index October: -0.3% m/m (prior -1.1%)
ANZ Roy Morgan New Zealand Consumer Confidence Index 92.4 October (prior 94.6)
US sells 10-year TIPS at 1.734% -- big tail
Goldman Sachs raises S&P 500 2025 year end target to 6800 (prior 6600)
Pound falls as UK long-end yields continue to blow up
Swiss inflation to rise slightly, zero-rate stance remains appropriate says SNB’s Schlegel
White House: Trade will be a topic of talks with Carney
Gold is Already Bullish Today — tradeCompass Levels for Sept 19, 2025
Fed's Logan: Risks that tariffs effects are more prolonged
Canada retail sales for August 1.0% versus 1.0% estimate
Spain's stats office bumps up 2024 economic growth figure after computing final data
US Industrial output revised to -0.1% from 0.1%. Capacity utilization revised lower
China President Xi to ramp up the pressure on Trump to abandon Taiwan
The USD is little changed to start the NA session.  What are the technicals saying?
Fed's Logan: We need to be very cautious about rate cuts
Tariffs quagmire dominates the setting to start the week
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: People's Bank of China buys more gold
Spain October preliminary CPI +3.1% vs +2.9% y/y expected
Reserve Bank of New Zealand to ease LVR restrictions
Weekend - China suspends export ban on gallium, germanium and other critical metals to US
Trump considering plan to restrict exports to China containing US software
France September consumer confidence 87 vs 87 expected
China foreign ministry says reached a basic consensus with the US
Monday morning open levels - indicative forex prices - 03 November 2025
Not a whole lot on the agenda in European trading today
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Trump considering stimulus cheques
What Nike said about the impact of tariffs and what it means for NKE stock
ECB preview: To hold rates steady, Lagarde cautious as trade and political risks linger
Pentagon to buy $1bn in critical minerals to cut China reliance
US August pending home sales +4.0% vs +0.2% expected
The AUDUSD has corrected lower in trading today after finding sellers near resistance
Yen's moving the right way now! Takaichi closer to being PM.
China September Trade Balance (USD)+90.45bn (vs expected +98.96bn, prior +102.33bn)
Goldman Sachs raises 2026 China growth outlook to 4.8% on export strength, policy support
What does September normally have in store for markets?
Goldman Sachs: AI slowdown could crash the S&P 500 by 20%
Japanese equities are being sold hard, Nikkei down 2%
European indices close higher again. UK's FTSE 100/Spain's Ibex
China's Xi and Spain’s King vow deeper ties, citing a trusted strategic partnership
Heads up: ECB president Lagarde to speak later today
China September CPI -0.3% y/y (vs. expected -0.2%)
ICYMI - Japanese markets are closed for a holiday today.
Goldman Sachs warns U.S. shutdown could be one of the longest in history
Stock markets cheer on rate cuts. S&P 500 hits a record high
Ethereum Futures technical analysis for today with tradeCompass at investingLive.com
Reminder: It will be a bit of a holiday-shortened trading week
European indices bounce back at the open to kick start the new week
WTI crude falls to the lowest since June, threatens break of $60
Bitcoin finds a base in a good spot
Chinese brokerage disputes report regulators considering slowing China stock rally
ECB's Lagarde: Will continue adjust policy as needed to ensure inflation remains at target
"Elon Musk's $1 trillion pay plan faces pushback from investors, state officials"
Germany October ZEW survey current conditions -80.0 vs -74.8 expected
ECB's Nagel: We should be vigilant on inflation but not complacent
investingLive European markets wrap: Currencies muted, stocks stay in retreat
SNB total sight deposits w.e. 10 October CHF 474.2 bn vs CHF 476.9 bn prior
All eyes are on the Fed in the day ahead
Wall Street Journal: "Buffett Devotee Is Plowing Billions Into Crypto"
Italy September final CPI +1.6% vs +1.6% y/y prelim
AUDUSD technicals: AUDUSD falls to support but runs out of steam.  Bouncing to resistance.
France has announced a new government
Ethereum technical analysis for today with tradeCompass
Miran overstated immigration argument, says the economist who wrote the paper
Bank of Japan Governor Ueda has cancelled his Wednesday speech, event cancelled
Fed's Schmid: Further rate cuts won't patch job market cracks
Japan finmin Kato says recently seeing one-sided, rapid moves (referring to the yen)
What are the interest rates expectations ahead of the key US data this week?
EURUSD Technicals: EURUSD buyers are making a play but there has been a limit so far
Japan's Nikkei benchmark index has hit a record high, 50K+
Bessent says China to resume U.S. soybean buys, delay rare-earth curbs as trade deal nears
Gold recovers to turn back higher on the day
Morgan Stanley: Pound liquidity thinner than thought, more like franc or kiwi
BOE's Pill: Mon policymakers should make a clear and credible commitment to targets
FBI says the suspected killer of Charlie Kirk has been taken into custody
China shows a small gesture of goodwill ahead of Trump-Xi meeting
The cure for high rates might be higher rates: a case study with UK long term yields
investingLive European FX news wrap: Rangebound markets amid lack of catalysts
Switzerland August CPI +0.2% vs +0.2% y/y expected
Fed's Hammack: Tariff pass-through less than expected
Fed's Bowman: Worried the Fed is behind the curve on the jobs market
Michael Saylor: We will be reporting on bitcoin buys on Monday
Oil breaks down to the lowest since June. Not a pretty picture.
China has officially begun levying port fees on US ships
USDCHF bounces from the cycle lows: just a pullback or a reversal?
Eurozone September flash services PMI 51.4 vs 50.5 expected
Eurozone July industrial production +0.3% vs +0.4% m/m expected
Long gold still a favourable play going into next year, says Deutsche
China returns from holidays today - Chinese markets reopen
Canada August flash manufacturing sales -1.5% m/m
We are on track for the first 2% decline in the S&P 500 since April 4
SNB total sight deposits w.e. 29 August CHF 472.3 bn vs CHF 469.5 bn prior
Trump says trade negotiations with India are still continuing
Gold set for a fresh all-time closing high
SNB total sight deposits w.e. 3 October CHF 476.9 bn vs CHF 474.7 bn prior
BofA sees China deflation easing slowly, CPI likely to stay negative in Q4
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1175 – Reuters estimate
US stock market closing levels: Can't stop, won't stop
EURUSD Technicals: The EURUSD fell hard and it raced as fast to the upside.
NVDA Technical Analysis Video
US Treasury Secretary Bessent says he has a plan on how to keep US dollar dominance
OPEC+ agrees to raise output by 137K bpd, as expected
UK housing market stalls ahead of November budget
NASDAQ index moves to new all-time intraday high
A tidal wave of better data has the USD moving higher What technical levels are in play?
Chinese media defends rare earth controls, accuses U.S. of abuse of export restrictions
MUFG read the future on the French vote. MUFG forecasts EUR/USD above $1.2000 by year-end.
ECB president Lagarde does not offer any remarks on monetary policy today
Westpac says RBA’s November meeting remains "well and truly" live after jobs data
Gold Buy-the-Dip Trade Plan Near $3,950 (gold futures) – tradeCompass Analysis Now, Oct 28
PIMCO: Powell reins in market cut bets as Fed ends QT, stays data-dependent
RBA Governor Bullock: We're bringing down inflation and keeping jobs very satisfying
Google lives to fight another day - shares skyrocket! Recap.
USD/JPY gap higher open on the back of Japanese politics, circa 149.35
ECB's Scicluna: There is no cut already in a box and waiting to be unpacked
USTR Greer: Will look to finalise more trade deals with ASEAN countries in coming months
EUR/USD downside likely limited as negative sentiment largely priced in - Credit Agricole
Gold Technical Analysis: Double top or just a pullback?
Wall Street Journal: The framework for the TikTok deal (still to be approved)
ECB Accounts: No immediate pressure to change policy rates at the current meeting
European indices keep more mixed at the open to start the day
Reuters November Tankan shows manufacturing sentiment improving, services stable
South Korean October consumer sentiment index drops to 109.8 (prior 110.1)
Bullard open to Fed chair if independence, dollar stability, low inflation safeguarded
China (PBOC) reaffirms crypto ban, accelerates digital yuan rollout
FX option expiries for 27 October 10am New York cut
China September M2 money supply +8.4% vs +8.5% y/y expected
US Treasury/BoT says FX intervention is to fight excess volatility, disorderly movements
Heads up for Chinese inflation data due over the weekend - CPI and PPI for October
Goldman Sachs sees U.S. investors piling into Japan as Nikkei outshines S&P 500
Singapore’s exports (NODX) surge 22.2% in October, driven by gold & stronger region demand
Economic calendar in Asia 02 October 2025 - RBA FSR
November market seasonals: Simply the best
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Yen gapped lower on Japan PM Ishiba resignation
China Manufacturing PMI (August 2025) 49.4 (expected 49.5) Services 50.3 (expected 50.3)
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.0825 – Reuters estimate
Nasdaq trade idea even when US stock market is closed
Trump: Looks to raise the tariff rate quota for Argentina beef to lower the prices
Monday morning open levels - indicative forex prices - 10 November 2025
US 30-year fixed mortgage rate falls to the lowest since October 2024
European close: Fifth day in a row of gains for the DAX
Fed's Goolsbee: My threshold for cutting in Dec is higher than at previous meeting
BofA sees $4,000 gold by 2026 but warns Fed risks could spark near-term pullback
US 2-year yields down 10 basis points to lowest since Liberation Day
Why the US dollar is climbing and why the Fed should be worried
Eurozone August industrial production -1.2% vs -1.6% m/m expected
Samsung lifts memory-chip prices up to 60% as AI-driven shortage intensifies
Fed nominee Miran advances nomination along party lines
France September flash services PMI 48.9 vs 49.6 expected
Nvidia Technicals: Nvidia lifts off and extends above key technical levels.
The USD rose yesterday and is consolidating the gains versus the major currency pairs
Equities start to get hit by bond market rumblings
US stock markets routed at the open but comeback and finish flat
investingLive European FX markets wrap: Markets subdued, Japan sees new ruling coalition
Mexico slaps 50% tariffs on Chinese cars amid U.S. pressure, $52bn impact
The US dollars higher to start the new trading week.USDJPY surges after Takaichi’s victory
People's Bank of China's yuan strength set to fuel EM currency rally as Fed easing looms
Germany November flash manufacturing PMI 48.4 vs 49.5 expected
TikTok row central to U.S.–China talks as Beijing pushes for Trump–Xi summit on home turf
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Another record high for Japan’s Nikkei
USD/CAD crosses 1.40 for the first time since May as US dollar continues climb
Trump considering significant tariff relief for US auto production
Heads up - US and Canada switched off daylight saving over the weekend
Japan's Nippon Ishin party co-leader says found a lot of common ground with LDP today
Bank of England Monetary Policy Committee member Greene speaks on Wednesday, September 24
Monday open levels, indicative FX prices, 15 September 2025
ECB's Kazaks: It may be the case that the next rate move could easily be a hike as a cut
China's August yuan terms exports +4.8% y/y (prior +8.0%) (+4.4% in USD terms)
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1359 – Reuters estimate
Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon said there’s no need for the Fed to rapidly cut rates
Bessent will meet with He Lifeng next week on trade
AUDUSD remains stuck in a range: traders await US-China breakthrough
USDCHF Technicals:The USDCHF is extending to new highs and approaching the next key target
Sterling faces double hit from BoE rate-cut risk and fiscal fragility, analysts warn
Gold testing the buyers.There is a cooling in the gold price but the fire is not fully out
U.S. blocks Nvidia’s scaled-down AI chip sales to China despite Trump hints
US treasury to selling $58 billion of 3-year notes at the top of the hour
More from Trump on pharmaceuticals: Other companies will be coming in over the next week
Von Der Leyen: Had call with Trump on strengthening pressure on Russia
Yen has room to drop further but intervention risks cap USD/JPY upside - Goldman Sachs
Eurozone consumers see a slight pick up in inflation over the next year - ECB survey
People were wrong about Waller and Bowman: they weren't driven by politics
Stock earnings yesterday and the Amazon AWS slam dunk!
US stocks are trading higher premarket on more dovish Fed comments
EURUSD Technicals: The EURUSD is trading to a new high after support held on the downside.
Sources: ECB policymakers prepare for December show down on inflation, rates
ECB's de Guindos: We firmly believe that current interest rate level is appropriate
Fed's Waller: Labor market weak, having an effect on inflation
USDCHF stretches to 2025 lows. Finds buyers on the first test.
Japan July leading economic index 105.9 vs 105.9 expected
Trump: Tariffs will bring wealth to the US like "never been seen before"
Economic calendar in Asia Tuesday, September 16, 2025 - a quiet data agenda ahead
Fed Powell's job just got safer. US court reinstates FTC head, Trump fired without cause
Trump on China trade: We'll see what happens
Geopolitics: Trump posts on Truth Social "NOT YET" on straightening out Hamas
JPMorgan to double Asia assets to $600 billion by 2030, targets $1 trillion long term
UBS sees equity bull market extending despite Fed uncertainty and high valuations
UK's Reeves: Since last year's budget, the world has thrown more challenges our way
The US dollar ends the month lower. Will September be the same?
Germany October final manufacturing PMI 49.6 vs 49.6 prelim
Expect stronger verbal intervention should USD/JPY breach 155 level, says Credit Agricole
After a back and forth start to the week, the dollar now starts to lose momentum
investingLive European FX news wrap: JPY weakens as Takaichi becomes first female PM
Tech sector gains momentum: Semiconductor stocks lead today's charge
Magnitude 5.2 earthquake near Athens, Greece
NZDUSD Technicals: The NZDUSD moved lower after the 50 bp cut, but has bounced. What next?
Kuwait oil minister: OPEC ready to offset any shortage in the market by rolling back cuts
Nvidia Jenson Huang to give keynote address at 2025 Nvidia GTC
Germany September Ifo business climate index 87.7 vs 89.3 expected
ECB's Makhlouf: Aging populations threaten Euro Area job growth
RBNZ rate cut expected this week, last one in the cycle? End of AUD/NZD bull run in sight
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1317 – Reuters estimate
SNBs Tschudin: They are in a situation where policy is appropriate at present
GBPUSD falls into a key swing level: more downside ahead or a reversal is in the cards?
Germany’s tax revenues rise 2% in August, but ministry sees no quick economic rebound
Powell on AI Spending: “They Actually Have Earnings.” Is There Really No AI Bubble?
Japan wholesale inflation slows to 2.7% as import costs fall, BOJ stays cautious - recap
PBOC governor says will continue to implement appropriately loose monetary policy
US October budget deficit $284 billion versus estimate of $235.05 billion
NASDAQ in S&P index closed at record levels. NASDAQ leads the way with a gain of 0.93%
Late bids lift US stock markets to a fresh record high -- 10x from the financial crisis
Atlanta Fed GDPNow falls to 3.9% from 4.0%
JPY has dropped after the Bank of Japan expected 'on hold' decision, Nikkei up
US Federal Appeals court rules that most of Trump's tariffs are illegal
ICYMI: China scraps gold tax incentive, ANZ warns of market repercussions
New Zealand August Manufacturing PMI 49.9 (prior 52.8)
Equities stay buoyed to start the new week on US-China optimism
Economic calendar in Asia Wednesday, October 1, 2025 - China's week long holiday begins
China to reopen bond market to Russian energy firms amid deepening ties
Trump tweeting on gold: "highest quality 24 K Gold used in the ... Best Oval Office ever"
AUDUSD Technicals:AUDUSD is trading up and down this week. Buyers made a play, but failed.
UK budget in the spotlight for the session ahead
USDJPY Technical Analysis: Traders turn their focus to the US CPI
Gold breaks $4000 and continues lower
Japan September housing starts Y/Y -7.3% vs -7.9% expected
USDJPY Technical Analysis: Time for a pullback or we continue higher?
Bitcoin Futures Analysis for Today with tradeCompass (November 6, 2025)
Oil: private survey of inventory shows a large headline crude oil draw vs build expected
Reserve Bank of Australia Deputy Governor Andrew Hauser speaking soon - economic outlook
Canada PM Carney: We will protect our workers if we don't make progress on talks with US
Heads up: Germany states' CPI readings due later today
Former chancellor Hunt: Reeves faces “very difficult” UK budget with £50bn fiscal gap
Gold tumbles and tests a key technical target
NVIDIA Stock - Buy the Dip and Sell the Rip
Risk sentiment on shaky ground ahead of European trading
Australia FIX Conference 2025: 'Everything Connected' future finance
RBA governor Bullock: The board sees the risks as broadly balanced
UK August construction PMI 45.5 vs 45.0 expected
Switzerland September manufacturing PMI 46.3 vs 48.0 expected
China Customs vice minister: Current external environment still complex and grim
Spain September final CPI +3.0% vs +2.9% y/y prelim
Barkin: The key to consumer spending is whether people lose their jobs or not
More on HP: To cut up to 6,000 jobs as it ramps up companywide AI transformation
Atlanta Fed GDPNow growth estimate for Q3 remains at 3.8%
Economic calendar in Asia - Japan GDP Q3 (preliminary), shrinkage expected
Australian weekly consumer confidence index remains in doldrums at 87.1
Polish military confirms operation underway against Russian incursion, weapons deployed
Another weak US jobs data to be expected this Friday - Goldman Sachs
We have a full slate of US economic data coming up at the bottom of the hour
Major currencies keep little changed ahead of European morning trade
Crude oil futures settle at $57.95
Some telling comments on the macroeconomy from corporate reports this week
German tax revenue rises 2.6% in September, but finance ministry warns of weak economy
ECB's Schnabel is speaking on Wednesday
France October final manufacturing PMI 48.8 vs 48.3 prelim
Silver rises to the highest in 14 years
Another day where both gold and the dollar are standing out
investingLive European FX news wrap: Eurozone CPI ticks lower, core stays at 2.4%
30-year gilt yields rise 15 basis points as Reeves bails on tax hike
The EURUSD bouncing modestly on the day
Trump debunks WSJ article on USA approval of Ukraine use of long-range missiles
The USD has lost ground in Asia trade to open the new FX week
ICYMI - JPY has been slammed lower after the weekend Japanese election
Freddie Mac 30 year mortgage rate average is 6.19% in the current week:
FX option expiries for 22 September 10am New York cut
Netanyahu: Forces are now organizing and assembling into Gaza
USDCAD Technicals: USDCAD tests the highs from last week at 1.39575.
Canada CPI for September 0.1% vs 0.0% estimate
New Zealand manufacturing sales fall in second quarter
New Zealand data: October Food Price Index -0.3% m/m (prior -0.4%)
China’s Premier Li says need to expand domestic demand, deepen supply-side reforms
Fed’s Musalem (more): tariffs to stay, balance sheet move independent of policy
Italy August preliminary CPI +1.6% vs +1.7% y/y expected
Eurostoxx futures +1.3% in early European trading
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Tokyo inflation accelerates
Trump weighs AI order targeting state laws with lawsuits and broadband funding threats
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Russia-Ukraine peace. US upbeat, still work to do
Fed Schmid: Fed is close to meeting its mandate, but policy must look forward
RBNZ Governor Hawkesby: Central projection for OCR to fall to around 2.50% by end of year
Trump: I think it will be a great deal for both the US and China
EUR/USD takes a look above 1.1800 for the first time since early July
Monday open levels, indicative FX prices, 06 October 2025: Yen lower after Takaichi win
Germany October Ifo business climate index 88.4 vs 88.0 expected
What David Tepper sees in Whirlpool
Ex-PBOC adviser calls for 2008-style 16 trillion yuan stimulus to boost demand
Saturday is the (time) line in the sand for the yen - Koizumi PM win could lift JPY
SNB chairman Schlegel: The bar for negative rates is higher than for a normal rate cut
S&P and NASDAQ indices set records once again. Dow industrial average closes unchanged
SNB total sight deposits w.e. 17 October CHF 473.8 bn vs CHF 474.2 bn prior
The USD is mixed to start the US session. EURUSD unchanged. USDJPY is down. GBPUSD is down
Euro may hit $1.24 in 2026 as ECB holds steady, Fed cuts weaken dollar.
BOE leaves bank rate unchanged at 4.00% in November monetary policy meeting
Australian business confidence jumps to+7 in September, from +4 in August
Citi expects to see "familiar dynamics" in the US CPI report later
ECB's Rehn: Current situation is good but medium-term downside risks visible
Novartis says announces US tariffs should have no impact on the company
Russian Prime Minister Mishustin to visit China November 3–4, will meet Premier Li Qiang
RBA governor Bullock: We are not moved by outside commentary on policy
Berkshire Hathaway trims stake in Apple, buys Google - filing
Reserve Bank of Australia policy meeting begins Monday, Statement is due Tuesday
Fed's Musalem: It's important to lean against above-target inflation regardless of source
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 12 Sep: USD closes higher. Univ.of Mich. is weaker
Trump presented Arab leaders with a outline for ending Gaza war - report
SNB total sight deposits w.e. 19 September CHF 472.3 bn vs CHF 468.5 bn prior
ECB’s Rehn sees downside risks to inflation, urges flexibility, no preset rate path
More from RBA's Bullock: RBA has room to move if the global economy takes a bad turn
RBA Gov Bullock: Data giving us time to think whether there is more easing to come or not
Chinese brokerage disputes report regulators considering slowing China stokc rally
NY Manufacturing index for August 10.7 vs -1.40 estimate
Fed to cut rates again this week, then take a more risk management approach after - BofA
Trump announces a 100% tariff on China in addition to current tariffs, but not immediately
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 30 Sep: USD moves lower. A US shutdown looking likely.
Taiwan warns China speeding up military preparations and intensifying grey-zone pressure
Trump says he's willing to impose sanctions on Russia, Europe's has to act too
ICYMI: China home prices steepest fall in a year as industrial, investment data weaken
Morgan Stanley’s Wilson: Market volatility could set stage for strong year-end rally
Fed's Miran: The Fed should cut by 50 bps but expect it will be a 25 bps move
Trump: This is the historic dawn of a new Middle East
ISM August services PMI 52.0 vs 51.0 expected
ECB's Schnabel: I do not see a reason for a further rate cut
Major European indices close mixed. France's CAC and Italy's FTSE MIB close lower
Fed to cut rates and retain an easing bias this week - Morgan Stanley
Sept Federal Reserve forecasts: Growth estimates bumped up and 2 more 2025 cuts coming
FOMC Minutes: Several indicated they didn't necessarily view a Dec cut appropriate
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.0956 – Reuters estimate
USDCAD technicals: USDCAD dips after better GDP/as expected US PCE data.
Market Outlook for the week of 24th-28th November
Iraq resumes Kurdish oil exports to Turkey after 2½-year halt (oil opening lower Monday)
Canada August trade balance -6.32B vs -5.55B expected
S&P 500 hits a record high as the market shakes off the shutdown
Bitcoin Technical Analysis for Today with tradeCompass (September 22, 2025)
USDCHF Technical Analysis: the SNB keeps the status quo, focus on US data next
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1210 – Reuters estimate
Eurostoxx futures +0.1% in early European trading
Al Jazeera: Hamas leadership delegation survived Israeli assassination attempt
Canada S&P Global October manufacturing PMI 49.6 vs 47.7 prior
Canada September housing starts 279.2K vs 255.0K expected
AUDUSD stretches above swing area but can't keep the momentum going
Gold rises back to the upper bound of a 4-month long range. Will we get a breakout?
Should I Buy Ethereum close to $4300?
A slower start to the new week as we look towards European morning trade
Yen is off to a weak start with the resignation of Japanese Prime Minister Ishiba
BoJ Ueda: Underlying inflation rate remains below target
Blackrock Reider: I think the Fed should cut by 50 basis points next week
Stablecoins could be systematically relevant at some point, says ECB policymaker
Gold is Getting even “Golder”
Mexico says US extending trade deadline for several weeks
BOJ governor Ueda: The risk of us being behind the curve on inflation is not that big
US treasury auctions $70B of 5 year at a high yield of 3.625%
US Senate Majority Leader Thune: Unlikely that Senate will have votes over the weekend
investingLive Asia-pacific FX news wrap 16 Sep: Cook & Miran set to attend the FOMC meetng
USDCAD bouncing off MA target.
Trump says not happy with Russia-Ukraine 'situation' - EU leaders coming to the US Mon/Tue
investingLive European markets wrap: Dollar, US futures tentative with eyes on PCE data
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 8 Oct. Spot gold traded above $4000 for the 1st time
Crude oil settles at $58.27
Federal Reserve's Daly speaking Wednesday 24 Sept, her outlook for the economy, policy
Reminder: US non-farm payrolls for September will be released this week
Ethereum Technical Analysis for Today with tradeCompass at investingLive.com
Golden Trump statue with Bitcoin was installed outside Capitol before Fed rate decision
ECB speakers Monday include: Muller, Kazaks, Cipollone, Schnabel, Lane
The USD is little changed as the market work through the midfield of geopolitical risks
China bans foreign AI chips in state-funded data centres to boost domestic industry
China gold buying spree continues in October
ECB's Kazimir: We must not change policy due to small deviations from inflation target
US forms $80 billion partnership to build 10 large nuclear reactors
Sunday session for US Senate as lawmakers seek band aid funding for 10% of government
Tech Slump: Tesla and Google Lead Today's Decline While Defensive Stocks Rise
OIl prices have jumped on the smaller than expected OPEC output hike
US stock futures are set to open higher
Bessent: US-Canada trade talks back on track
HSBC ups silver forecast once again, expects price to break $50 next
Rubio says Ukraine talks make most productive progress to date, still further talks ahead
Barclays says dollar resilience to persist as U.S. economy rebounds
JPY, JGB, Nikkei, UST traders note - it's a market holiday in Japan today
China’s exports hit six-month high, showing resilience amid US tariff tensions
6.30am in Beijing. Traders might exercise caution, await China's response to Trump's cave
Fed's Daly repeats that it will soon be time to recalibrate policy
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 3 Oct: Nonmanufacturing data mixed.  USD mostly lower.
RBA preview: "material miss" on inflation erases rate cut bets
US August industrial production +0.1% vs -0.1% expected
The Google chamgechanger: Why GOOG stock is surging and everyone else is slumping
VisionSys AI Stock Falls After Announcing $2 Billion Solana Plan
AMD and OpenAI announce a multibillion dollar partnership
Late-day bids have arrived in the stock market all week long
Eurozone August final services PMI 50.5 vs 50.7 prelim
USDJPY extend to a new high for the day.  Price approaches swing area high.
SNB needs to find alternative solutions to address Swiss franc strength - BofA
Crude oil higher on the day but off loftier levels
Gold adds on to the declines from yesterday
US stocks make big swings on the Fed decision but finish modestly lower
Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick says Epstein was "the greatest blackmailer ever"
China eyes offshore RMB stablecoin to accelerate yuan  internationalization
investingLive Americas FX news wrap: Gold continues to rise above $3500
Oil is making a compelling case for rate cuts
Fitch says US government shutdown does not have near-term implications for rating
Everyone's waiting to buy the pullback in stocks. But when does it come?
US treasury to auction off $22 billion of 30 year bonds at 1 PM ET
Gold Technical Analysis: The focus turns to the FOMC decision
US September flash S&P Global services PMI 53.9 vs 54.0 expected
Gold eyes upside break to kick start September trading
Takaichi: Japan may issue bonds for stimulus but total JGB supply to stay below last year
Chinese brokers say A-share momentum intact despite external pressures
Japan finance minister Katayama says had no direct talks with Bessent on monetary policy
JP Morgan says the Fed is too restrictive, cuts ahead, but cautious; Magnificent 7 strong
USD/JPY eyes upside breakout on Ueda press conference
Morgan Stanley CIO pushes 60/20/20 portfolio, says gold now stronger hedge than Treasuries
GBPUSD is back testing an old floor between 1.3323 and 1.3341
China commerce ministry confirms suspension of some rare earth export control measures
Dollar on the ropes ahead of the Fed tomorrow
FX option expiries for 7 November 10am New York cut
Markets usually shrug off U.S. government shutdowns, Deutsche Bank says
American conservative commentator Charlie Kirk shot at campus event
Snap shares rose on $400mn Perplexity AI deal and new AR spin-off
USDCAD Technicals: The USDCAD is trading to new lows as sellers react to 100/200 hour MAs
Trump confirms visit to China in April next year
Australia news: ANZ flag AUD1.1bn hit to second-half profit from restructuring, settlement
Fed's Jefferson: The labor market is softening and could face stress if not supported
Japan's Nikkei: "Yen surge scenario fades as banks revise outlook downward"
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1029 – Reuters estimate
FX option expiries for 16 October 10am New York cut
European equities hold more mixed to get the session underway
USDCAD tests the 100 hour MA ....again
USDCAD technicals: The USDCAD remains in a very narrow trading range. Look for the break.
The Apple awe-dropping event is underway
Crude oil futures settle at $63.45
If there is a new paradigm it's this
Fed's Bostic to retire in February
Japan growth strategy panel member says BOJ should wait until next year to raise rates
Economic calendar in Asia 05 September 2025 - Fed's Goolsbee will be speaking
Gold looks poised for a test of the October highs
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Traders whipsawed on Trump’s cave in (again)
Morgan Stanley turns bullish on India as growth and policy support strengthen
Fed's Musalem: Feds goals are in tension
The ADP data released yesterday could hurt Fed's conviction for a December cut
AUD, ASX, Aussie bond traders - it's a (sort of) holiday in Australia today
Crude oil futures settle $0.40 higher at $60.88
Japan, U.S. plan joint rare earth mining near Minamitori Island
Federal Reserve Chair Powell is speaking Tuesday. Bowman, Waller, Collins also on deck.
Mixed market movements: Tech fluctuations and healthcare gains
The US government is shutdown but that doesn't stop the debt train from rolling
Precious metals continue to sizzle in the early stages this week
US Treasury secretary highlights need for 'sound' monetary policy in talks with Japan
Euro completes the round trip as US dollar sellers step in
AUDUSD Technicals: AUDUSD switches the bias from bearish earlier today, but bullish
The full statement from the September FOMC rate decision
Crypto crash explained: why did crypto go down and which coins stayed strong
AUDUSD: As Australia's PM visits Trump in Washington the AUDUSD is higher on trade hopes
EURUSD Technical Analysis: The price is back at the key support zone
The USD is higher to kickstart the NA session. The USDJPY is the biggest mover
UBS forecasts S&P 500 as high as 7,500 into mid-2026.
European indices kick start the new week with a more positive spin
Australian Q3 Core inflation (trimmed mean) +1.0% q/q (expected 0.8%, RBA forecast 0.6%)
Pres. Trump appeals court ruling blocking removal of Fed Gov. Cook
USD/JPY recoups yesterday's decline
Fed's Barr:Uncertainty about both inflation/jobs warrants cautious approach to further cut
Eurozone September retail sales -0.1% vs +0.2% m/m expected
GBPUSD moves to new session lows and toward the lows for the week
Top Japanese lawmakers to step down as ruling LDP party review upper house election defeat
The USD is steady vs the major currencies to start the US session.  Fed Powell to speak.
What could keep the oil rally going
Japan’s wages surge in July as real pay rises for first time since December - recap
Next week's ADP report might be the most important of the year
Japan's Takaichi says to carefully consider if current govt-BOJ accord is most appropriate
FX option expiries for 17 September 10am New York cut
Japan JERA in advanced talks to buy USD $1.7B worth of US Natural gas production assets
Newsquawk Week Ahead: Highlights include FOMC, BoE, BoC, BoJ, US Retail Sales, UK CPI
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: AUD up, ASX drop after strong Australian job data
Yen may weaken as Japan leadership change clouds BOJ outlook, MUFG says
FX option expiries for 17 October 10am New York cut
Newsquawk Week Ahead: FOMC and ECB mins, RBNZ, Canada jobs, OPEC+, Japan LDP election
The McDonald's CEO is an odd place to get a dose of economic reality
Key US inflation data that was due this week has been "postponed "
US MBA mortgage applications w.e. 29 August -1.2% vs -0.5% prior
US October NFIB small business optimism index 98.2 vs 98.3 expected
Nasdaq Futures Technical Analysis Today as September Kicks Off
Risk sentiment continues to hold more cautious in European morning trade
UK in the spotlight as we look to the session ahead
Bank of Japan meeting begins today, rates expected to kept on hold - Nikkei report
EU president von der Leyen comfortably survives no-confidence votes in parliament
RBNZ’s Gai: U.S. tariffs delivering negative demand shock to New Zealand
SNB's Chairman Schlegel: Inflation should rise slightly in the next quarters
Reserve Bank of New Zealand Governor Christian Hawkesby speaking soon - not much expected
ECB's Rehn: Uncertainty about future economic developments remains high
WTO chief: Urged de-escalation with officials from the US and China
Monday open levels, indicative FX prices, 22 September 2025
Nasdaq Technical Analysis: De-escalation keeps the bulls in charge
FX option expiries for 3 October 10am New York cut
UK house prices showed the most widespread falls in more than a year-and-a-half
investingLive Americas FX news wrap: Core PCE in line, Alibaba develops new AI chips
Trump and Takaichi have signed their framework for securing critical mineral supply
BOJ's Tamura declines to comment on whether he will favour a rate hike this month
BOE coming up next, are there any potential surprises?
German economy set to only grow by 0.1% in 2025 - IfW
It's a textbook breakout in gold so far
Vote Now in Finance Magnates Awards 2025 to Support Your Broker
FX option expiries for 26 November 10am New York cut
Stand by for a Court decision on Trump's moves to fire Fed Governor Cook
The market is re-thinking the Federal Reserve rate cutting path
investingLive European FX news wrap: Risk-off mood despite lack of catalysts
Michael Saylor sees Bitcoin hitting US$150,000 by end-2025 amid U.S. policy shift
FX option expiries for 15 October 10am New York cut
European indices close mixed with France's CAC and Italy's FTSE MIB lower
Tokyo Stock Exchange considers curbs on listed firms hoarding crypto assets
UBS lifts USD/JPY forecast, yen seen stuck in 140–150 range amid political risks
Tech sector rebounds: Microsoft leads, while Netflix dives
Yuan gains could trigger hundreds of billions in corporate dollar sales.
Reserve Bank of India reported intervening in FX market to support the rupee
Bank of Canada Governor Macklem is speaking on Tuesday
Canada's PM Carney: Aiming to double our non-US exports over the course of next decade
October UMich US consumer sentiment 55.0 vs 54.2 prelim
USDCAD Technicals: USDCAD stretches to to the next key target and is finding sellers
ECB Stournaras signals rate cuts over, more easing needs major shift in inflation outlook
AUD/USD has been marked down following the disappointing job loss numbers in August
US stocks really close at record levels as traders await Fed and key earnings next week
In this market, just "buy shiny stuff" - SocGen
SNB total sight deposits w.e. 14 November CHF 456.5 bn vs CHF 460.0 bn prior
Germany November ZEW survey economic sentiment 38.5 vs 41.0 expected
Cannot say that Japan has exited deflation fully - finance minister Katayama
UK August final manufacturing PMI 47.0 vs 47.3 prelim
GBPUSD consolidates and waits for the next shove
Japan PM Takaichi says she spoke with Trump on a call
StakeMyGold Unveils 12% APR Gold Staking as Crypto Winter Looms
Bank of Japan Governor Ueda is meeting with Japan PM Ishiba
S&P affirm New Zealand ratings
European equities slump at the open today as risk mood sours
RBNZ review says rate hikes curbed inflation, but earlier move may have helped
Ivey PMI index 59.8 versus 51.2 estimate
investingLive European FX news wrap: Back into risk-off as China takes countermeasures
USD/JPY tries for a second attempt to break higher on the day
EURUSD Technicals: The EURUSD is running back higher and is back testing the 200 hour MA
ECB’s Kazaks: No rush for more interest rate cuts, inflation near 2% acceptable
Zelenskyy wants to meet US Pres. Trump as soon as possible
Sanae Takaichi wins Japan lower house vote, set to become first female prime minister
Palladium Technical Analysis Video
Nasdaq Futures Technical Analysis Today as September Kickoffs
Gold Technical Analysis: Lack of bearish drivers keeps the bullish momentum intact
Fed’s Waller says weak labour market justifies another rate cut in December - recap
China–Japan flight cancellations surge, expected to hit one-month high on Dec. 27
Economic calendar in Asia Friday, October 31, 2025 - Tokyo CPI, China PMIs
And the dip buyers are back in gold..
Zelensky says Russian oil refineries will pay an even-higher price for war
Heads up - Expect a series of tweets from Trump soon after Epstein revelation
A US judge has issued a 'sealed' decision in Google case - shares are rocketing higher
RBA’s Fry-McKibbin rejects claims review urged equal weighting of inflation and jobs
France October preliminary CPI (HICP) +0.9% vs +1.0% y/y expected
Dallas Fed Trimmed Mean PCE for July +1.9% vs +3.4% prior
Goldman Sachs AM: BoE to hold rates in 2025, easing cycle seen resuming February 2026
The NZDUSD moved higher with the drag down in the USD. What next technically?
Barclays expects Fed to start rate cuts this month, three moves seen in 2025
Switzerland August seasonally adjusted unemployment rate 2.9% vs 2.9% expected
European indices fall sharply in trading today
JD Vance: no security plan to disarm Hamas; Trump undecided on giving Tomahawks to Ukraine
USTR Greer: Trump/Xi meeting on schedule. Makes sense to talk but we will see.
A Canadian rate cut in September is 90% priced in but what next?
European stock markets power to strong gains: Looks like a breakout in the DAX
Japan’s Takaichi to propose tax cuts, cash payouts in LDP leadership campaign – Nikkei
ECB poised to hold rates for third meeting as inflation hits target
Barclays: Risk assets, USD poised for firmer footing into 2026
USD/JPY isn't ready to give up the bottom of the range just yet
US Treasury Secretary Bessent: Substantial pickup in Russian sanctions expected
US sells 20-year bonds at 4.706% vs 4.704% WI
Preview - BOJ expected to hold rates as Takaichi’s fiscal tilt and U.S. risks weigh
Eurozone October preliminary CPI +2.1% vs +2.1% y/y expected
Japan prime minister Takaichi says inflation yet to sustainably hit BOJ's price target
European shares had a solid day to the upside
Japan’s Q3 GDP shrinks 1.8%. Tariffs hit exports, contraction milder than expected - recap
US Q2 unit labor costs +1.0% vs +1.2% expected
FX option expiries for 20 October 10am New York cut
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1131 – Reuters estimate
Tesla Q3 deliveries 497K vs 444K expected
BOJ's Noguchi: Monetary policy entering a phase where careful assessment is needed
US' Schumer says its up to Republicans if they want to shut down - Trump pulls the strings
Trump signals he’s ready to put US military boots on the ground in US cities
US August goods trade balance -85.50 billion vs -95.20 billion expected
Japan PM Takaichi says not ruling out a sales tax ... in the future
UBS: U.S./China talks modestly positive, AI demand underpinning market rallies
ICYMI - Beijing weighs $1tln lifeline to help local govts pay overdue private-sector bills
UK launches 'Sterling 20' club of top pension funds to unlock investment
Gold grabs some bids early in US trade
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Gold hits another record high, above US$3500
It's been a day now that the US government has shut down
Trump Outlines Progress on Russia–Ukraine Peace Plan
US House votes to reopen the government. Trump to sign soon
Major European indices close mixed. Modest changes in Europe
Economic calendar in Asia 22 September 2025 - Reserve Bank of Australia Governor Bullock
GBPUSD stays below the swing area resistance up to 1.30956
USDJPY Technicals: USDJPY falls to new lows.  Stays below the 200 hour/200 day MA
North Korea may be on the brink of an imminent nuclear test says South Korean intelligence
S&P 500 seen at 7,000 by year-end as earnings accelerate, says Deutsche Bank.
Gold Technical Analysis: Shutdown ended, US data in focus next
Ueda:inflation to converge around our target sometime from latter half of next fiscal year
Trump: I am increasing tariff on Canada by 10% over and above what they are paying now
Japan Industrial Production September 2025, final:  +2.6% m/m (expected 2.2%, prior -1.5%)
investingLive European FX news wrap: Awaiting the NFP report
Foreign demand for Treasuries slips in September, Japan boosts buying
It's clear where the US jobs market is headed
S&P and Dow on pace for record closes.
Heads up: Fedspeak to flood the economic calendar in the days ahead
FX option expiries for 26 September 10am New York cut
Trump told Xi: Chip sales are "between you and Nvidia"
China on slower GDP: tariff abuse by certain countries has disrupted global trade order
Nasdaq index trades to a new all-time high at the 22,000 mark, but backs off
Gold back at the highs again amid US-China kerfuffle
US MBA mortgage applications w.e. 7 November +0.6% vs -1.9% prior
ECB sources: The rate-cut debate is not over but real discussion not until December
Japan August headline inflation 2.7% (expected 2.8%)
BofA survey: Fund managers keep crypto allocations near zero despite market growth
Japan’s early 2026 wage signals strengthen case for BOJ rate hike
US court rules Fed's Lisa Cook can stay on as a Governor for now
What is the distribution of forecasts for the US NFP?
Canada may drop oil cap, weigh new climate competitiveness strategy, sources say
U.S. Treasury announces coupon auctions for next week.
China: Rare earth export control measures are 'legitimate', blames US for rising tension
BOJ's Tamura says weaker yen currency could accelerate upward price pressure
New Zealand data: Westpac Consumer Confidence (Q3 2025) 90.9 (vs. prior 91.2)
New Zealand card retail sales +0.7% m/m in August (prior +0.2%)
Trump's $1000 to $2000 stimulus checks for Americans lifted Bitcoin
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 30 Oct: ECB keeps rates unchanged.  Stocks tumble.
Gold Technical Analysis: Stuck in a consolidation awaiting new catalysts
NZDUSD recovers some ground after the big selloff: are new lows still ahead?
BOJ board turns more hawkish as Ueda keeps December and January open
Jamie Dimon: Tariffs modestly inflationary, a mild recession risk for U.S. economy
USDCAD remains above moving averages but lower on the day
US Senate to hold confirmation vote on Trump's Federal Reserve pick on Monday
China Foreign Ministry: Takaichi's remarks on Taiwan have damaged Sino-Japanese relations
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1162 – Reuters estimate
EURUSD Technicals: EURUSD breaks to a new month low as seller take more control
Eurozone November flash consumer confidence -14.2 vs -14.0 expected
Eurostoxx futures +0.3% in early European trading
Preview: Australia’s jobs market cooling as unemployment set to rise modestly (muted AUD)
investingLive European markets wrap: Dollar mixed, gold train continues; French respite
Semiconductors rally as tech sees mixed outcomes, while consumer defensives dip
US president Trump: I think we'll come away with a deal from Xi meeting
UK September CBI trends total orders -27 vs -30 expected
The US treasury auctions off $22 billion of 30 year bonds at a high yield of 4.651%
Risk assets take another leg lower
Eurozone November flash services PMI 53.1 vs 52.8 expected
Stocks set to open up higher led by the NASDAQ index
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1258 – Reuters estimate
Japan has agreed a coalition government - paves way for Takaichi PM - yen a little higher
Economic calendar in Asia 01 September 2025 - Monday's calendar in China manufacturing PMI
The FOMC Minutes are coming up next
Deutsche Bank: Eurozone resilience keeps ECB doves in check
White House: US and Ukraine talks have been productive
USDJPY Technical Analysis: All eyes on the US CPI report
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1318 – Reuters estimate
US moves to seize $12 billion in bitcoin tied to Cambodia scam kingpin Chen Zhi
White House extends deadline to sell TikTok until December 18th
ECB's Cipollone: The European economy has been surprisingly resilient
Michael Saylor will appear on CNBC after reports of bitcoin sales
Nikkei 225 sags after hitting a record yesterday
US Naval Academy is in lockdown, active shooter, multiple casualties reported
Morgan Stanley notes US dollar comeback but warns of fragile rally
Iraq Zubair depot fire sparks conflicting reports on Basra crude exports
Red Sea shipping security alert: vessel near Saudi port reports projectile incident
New York Fed consumer survey raises 1 year inflation expectations rises to 3.4% from 3.2%
Dollar stays under pressure to start the session
GBPUSD technicals. Buyers stall the fall against swing area and 100 hour MA
Trump says South Korea has agreed to pay the US $350bn for lower tariffs
USDCHF Technical: The USDCHF is shifting the medium term technical bias to the upside
EURUSD Technical Analysis: The greenback stays on the backfoot as we await the key US data
New Zealand Building Permits, September 2025: +7.2% m/m (prior +6.1%)
Gold Technical Analysis: Traders turn their focus to the US CPI
Reminder: It is a long weekend in the US
Oil - private survey of inventory shows a headline crude oil draw vs. small build expected
Japan's LDP and Nippon Ishin parties set for second round of talks today
August Canada S&P Global manufacturing PMI 48.3 vs 46.1 prior
How have interest rates expectations changed after this week's events?
UK stats office deals with another blunder, this time in public finances data
Traders add to BoE rate cut bets after the UK CPI report
BoE's Pill: I wanted to keep QT at £100 billion in BoE vote last week
Alibaba shares surge more than 10% as CEO announces increased AI spending
More from the Fed's Collins: If economy meets expectations, gradual cuts to follow
A big week of stock market earnings wraps up. What's scheduled for next week
USDJPY Technicals:The USDJPY is trading up and down testing the 100 hour MA on the topside
Japan PM Takaichi:  It's important that BoJ, Govt communicates closely & coordinate policy
Profit taking hits US stock markets
Trump seek Central Asian rare earth - diversify US supply chains, reduce reliance on China
Eurostoxx futures +0.7% in early European trading
Germany September industrial production +1.3% vs +3.0% m/m expected
Yen surging after comments from US Treasury Secretary Bessent
Private survey of oil inventories shows a larger than expected headline crude oil draw
BoE's Dhingra: Expect US tariffs to put downward pressure on growth and prices
Economic calendar in Asia Monday, September 8, 2025
Gold flirts with fresh record highs as the new week gets underway
NASDAQ index trades to new record high. Meta is not following. Why?
UBS expects 75bp more Fed cuts as Powell highlights labour market weakness
Trump says good will come from shutdown, going to be laying off a lot of people
Miran: No one in the Trump admin has asked me to lower rates
Bessent: There is a very good chance Miran is seated at Fed before Sept meeting
Dollar firms as the push and pull this week continues
TD Securities expects narrow BoE rate cut, warns sterling to stay weak
Welcome to Fed week
Weekly initial jobless claims and factory orders delayed due to the US government shutdown
Euro Stoxx 50 index closes at a new all time high
NZ eases rules, allows rich foreign investors to purchase or build $5m+ property
China adds gold for 10th month as bullion surges past $3,500 an ounce
NASDAQ index move closer to 100 hour moving average. Trades to new session highs
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Gold vs. China stocks. Who’s the biggest loser?
Japan and the US have reaffirmed their agreement not to manipulate FX rates. Yeah, right.
US Senate votes to terminate the national emergency Trump is using for Canada tariffs
US Bessent: 100% tariffs doesn't have to happen
Japan leadership contender Takaichi drops hint she may renegotiate trade deal with the US
Three things that have the stock market worried
Australia S&P Global PMI Manufacturing October 2025, final: 49.7 (51.4 in September)
China - Shenzhen lifts home-buying limits across key districts
New Zealand Credit Card Spending for August +3.5% y/y (prior +1.4%)
Netanyahu spoke on the phone with Qatar's PM and apologized for Qatari bombing
Westpac: October job rebound lets RBA look past September weakness, stay inflation-focused
USDJPY bounces off the 200 hour MA.  Buyers remain in control.
August US non-farm payrolls +22K vs +75K expected
Gold analysis for today after another ATH yesterday
Putin: We are ready to continue discussions on Ukraine
European equities look to push gains at the open again today
Shares of major Chinese chip makers have slid to multi-month lows - old NVDA story
China secretly pays Iran for oil through hidden $8 billion funding conduit
European traders set to be greeted by a calmer risk mood, at least for now
European stocks bounce back a little to start the week
China stipulates that state-funded data centres to use only domestic AI chips - report
New highs for the EURUSD. Now up 0.84% on the day
Newsquawk Week Ahead: US Retail Sales, RBNZ, UK Budget, Australian CPI, Tokyo CPI
UK November flash services PMI 50.5 vs 52.0 expected
US 7-year Treasury auction 3.790% vs 3.782% WI
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Gold’s wild swings; Kautious Kashkari; EUR up
BOJ's Himino: Tariffs impact failing to materialise will bolster rate hike conditions
BoJ's Nakagawa says the Bank  expects to continue raising rates as economy, prices improve
Trump says U.S. will block China from getting Nvidia’s most advanced chips
Deutsche Bank says central-bank demand keeps gold on bullish path into next year
Putin: All the threats of aggressive Russia is plucked up from the air.
Foreigners are buying US equities, but with a big caveat
S&P 500 Analysis for Today: tradeCompass Maps Key Resistance and Bearish Setup (Oct 16)
US stock markets start flat and finish flat
China property sales drop 17.6% in August, housing slump hits sixth straight month
Nothing major on the agenda in Europe today
It's starting to look like the FX market underestimated the power of fiscal policy
Japan 10 year Japanese Government Bond auction: Bid to cover ratio 3.34 (3.92 prior)
Morgan Stanley: US inflation fears lowest since early 2022, but watch for tariff pressure
Tech sector rallies as semiconductors and software lead the charge
China reportedly toughens process for firms to obtain rare earth magnet export licenses
RBC: Trade war hit Canadian jobs market in August
European equity close: Soft start to September
Fed's Daly: Rate cut was to try to support the labor market
Australia August 2025 jobless rate 4.2% (vs. 4.2% expected)
FX option expiries for 11 November 10am New York cut
Comeback: S&P 500 now flat on the session, Nasdaq higher
GBPUSD Technical Analysis: The US dollar weakens amid soft CPI and US-China deal
Boston Fed’s Collins undecided on next rate move, cites inflation risks
Trump says not considering giving Ukraine Tomahawk missiles, could put US troops (Nigeria)
China's exports +7.1% in yuan terms for the January - September 2025 period
Heads up: The SNB will announce its September monetary policy decision later
Another production shortfall highlights the opportunity in copper
Reserve managers drift from dollar into smaller currencies, Standard Chartered says
Germany August construction PMI 46.0 vs 46.3 prior
UK like-for like sales rose 3.1% in August, fastest this year apart from Easter
US stocks surge higher at reopening of the week - loving the rapid Trump cave in on China
Euro rises to the highest since July 27 as the US dollar wilts. What's next
Risk appetite picks up as Trump plays down feud with China
BOJ governor Ueda: There is no change to our stance on rate hikes
US stock market close: Record closing highs for the S&P 500 and Nasdaq
Major US indices close mixed w/the Dow lower, the S&P closer to unchanged & NASDAQ higher
WSJ’s Timiraos: New Fed chair may struggle to deliver Trump’s desired rate cuts
ICYMI - Morgan Stanley drops December Fed cut call after strong September payroll rebound
Ukraine's Zelenskyy: Russia is doing everything to reject a medical way to end the war
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1281 – Reuters estimate
US stock futures are up 0.7%. Here are the pre-market winners, led by Amazon
Trump bullish on Ukraine-Russia peace, but says no deadline for a deal
Japan's Kihara says important that currencies move in stable manner, reflect fundamentals
China premier: China willing to work with EU to keep bilateral relations on right track
Gold stretches into a new all-time high despite the positive risk sentiment: what's next?
Celebrating Excellence: Finance Magnates Honours Industry Leaders at Awards 2025
Eurostoxx futures -0.9% in early European trading
UK October Nationwide house prices Y/Y +2.4% vs +2.3% expected
ECB's Nagel: More rate cuts could threaten price stability:
Canada August new housing price index -0.3% vs -0.1% prior
US stock market closing levels: Big turnaround for a solid gain
Major European indices close lower.
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Fed's Daly, BOJ minutes see a USD slip
ECB's Nagel: There was absolutely no reason to change interest rates last week
Bitcoin, Ether continue to slide - crypto crush
US Core PCE for July YoY 2.9% vs 2.9% expected
Copper miners shine as the full impact of the Freeport-McMoran mine disaster becomes clear
Trump will visit Japan Oct 27-29
Gold Technical Analysis for Today & Gold Price Prediction with tradeCompass
Cryptocurrencies casually crash into EU session open without any catalyst
Reminder, US stock markets are open on Monday (bonds closed) despite the holiday
OPEC+ to raise oil output in October as Saudi pushes market-share strategy
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 2 Oct.  USD moves higher as trader ponder the shutdown
UBS says there’s a 93% chance of a recession in the US this year
NZDUSD pulls back into a major resistance zone: US-China headlines and NZ Q3 CPI in focus
The 100 hour MA gives way in the EURUSD after 5 successful bounces
Standard Chartered expects the Fed to cut by 50bp September, from its 25bp call previously
US equity close: A strong Friday finish stops the bleeding
Atlanta Fed GDPNow estimate ticks up, despite the lack of economic data
Monday morning open levels - indicative forex prices - 20 October 2025
Economic calendar in Asia Monday, October 6, 2025 - a light one
One chart showing why it could still be early days in the gold rally
BLS will not release economic data if there is a government shutdown on October 1
China - household savings rotating into equities amid active markets and policy tailwinds
FX option expiries for 14 November 10am New York cut
Berkshire Hathaway exits BYD, closing out 17-year investment in Chinese EV maker.
China Sept Retail Sale (YoY) +3.0% (expectd 2.9%) & Industrial Production (YoY) +6.5% 5.0%
USDCHF Technicals; The USDCHF keeps the stretch higher going.
Oil - private survey of inventory shows a HUGE headline crude oil build vs draw expected
Eurozone August trade balance €1.0 billion vs €12.4 billion prior
Trump news: I think Canada will be very happy on tariffs
investingLive Americas market news wrap: December Fed cut odds continue to fall
Shares of AMD rise 32% at the open after deal with OpenAI
Japan reaffirms that economy is recovering at a moderate pace in latest monthly report
Gold Technical Analysis – Focus on the US data this week
China’s rare earth exports plunge 31% in September amid renewed US tensions
Japan November Core CPI 3.0% (3.0% expected, prior 2.9%)
US, Japan reportedly in final stages of talks to bring down auto tariffs
investingLive European markets wrap: No stopping the gold train for now
Heads up: Fedspeak coming up in the day ahead
Weekend data: China’s industrial profits rise 20% in August, reversing July decline
ECB's de Guindos: The current level of interest rates is adequate
Gold continues to sizzle to start the new week
White House releases plan: No one forced to leave Gaza and Israel won't occupy
CPI suggests tariff-related impacts could be broadening -- CIBC
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Gold pushing towards USD3800
Economic calendar in Asia Monday, November 10, 2025 - Bank of Japan Summary due
US labor market disaster - The chance of finding a job in US has collapsed to a record low
FX option expiries for 30 October 10am New York cut
USD/JPY - we got a gap to fill!
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 17 Nov:The USD is higher/stocks lower as fear increase
European indices lightly changed to start the session, US futures grind higher
With US govt still shut, focus next week in the US will be on earnings and the Fed
Bank of Canada Gov Macklem:  If the outlook changes materially, we're prepared to respond
The USD is mostly higher with some risk off bias
FX option expiries for 17 November 10am New York cut
China intends to renew a ban on Japanese seafood imports
National Australia Bank sees Fed cutting rates from September, 125bps total by end-2026
Eurozone August retail sales +0.1% vs +0.1% m/m expected
USDJPY higher on PM Ishiba's resignation but well off the earlier highs
Gold recovers from yesterday's drop as precious metals continue to find bids
EURUSD moves to new lows and stretches toward the end of August low at 1.15732
Goldman’s Solomon links stronger U.S. growth to trade clarity, flags M&A expansion.
ECB's Villeroy: We are in a good position with inflation in Europe
China slashes US Treasuries stake, holdings sink to lowest since 2008
European indices close the day with mixed results
USDJPY Technical Analysis – All eyes on the US labour market data
USD/JPY dribbles lower as Trump comes to visit Tokyo
Google introduces its latest image generation tool: Nano Banana Pro
Bank of England's Bailey speaks on financial stability, says no trade offs in regulation
OPEC will likely raise production by at least 137K bpd on Oct 5 - report
"Google Further Encroaches on Nvidia’s Turf With New AI Chip Push"
Russia's Putin:  Russia wants to continue dialogue toward peace
US consumer sentiment data coming up at the top of the hour
Tesla deliveries are due shortly, here is what to expect
Bitcoin Futures Drift Below Key $88k Level as tradeCompass Maps Next Move
USDCAD Technical Analysis: Canadian and US inflation data in focus
This week's data shows a cooling -- not crumbling -- economy
Equities nudge lower in European morning trade
Stocks are bleeding with the S&P and Dow now in negative territory
The US treasury sells $13B of 20 year bonds at a high yield of 4.613%
Bitcoin technical analysis today: trend line bounce fades, IV rises, and a clean trade map
ECB's Muller: There's a good case for keeping rates where they are
Economic calendar in Asia 04 November 2025 - Reserve Bank of Australia decision
Carlyle Group says the US created just 17,000 jobs in September, highlights inflation
Outgoing French prime minister Lecornu: France must get a budget by end of this year
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: AUD up (high CPI), NZD up (rate cut), JPY up (BoJ
US Treas: Imposing sanctions on Russia related oil
BOK to hold at 2.50%, weak won, housing risks push rate cuts into early 2026: Reuters poll
Positive signs emerge of a US-China deal
Gold rush continues, US yields start to break down
Dollar fades Friday drop in trading today
Germany October construction PMI 42.8 vs 46.2 prior
Trump says tariff money will go to soybean farmers
Canada GDP for June -0.1% vs 0.1% expected
Dow industrial average and S&P close at new record levels.
Tech sector rallies while social media stocks stumble
FX option expiries for 13 October 10am New York cut
US futures ease upon conclusion of Trump-Xi meeting
Trump-Xi meeting just about covers the dots, but was it really "amazing"?
US Treas Sec Bessent uses the four-letter word on China agreement - 'hope'
Judge did not rule on the dismissal of Fed Governor Lisa Cook today
Japan signals greater readiness for early yen intervention - may come before 160
NZDUSD trades above and below the 100 day MA, but is stretching to new highs
Risk stays on the defensive ahead of European trading
European equities see light changes at the open today
Gold fights to get back above $4000
Annual ECB Conference on Money Markets begins in Frankfurt today, and continues tomorrow
European indices hold slightly lower to start the final day of September trading
Economic calendar in Asia Monday, October 20, 2025: NZ CPI, China data, PBOC rate setting
US treasury to auction $39 billion of 10 year notes at 1 PM
Alphabet continues its run to the upside. Up 3.28% in trading today
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1146 – Reuters modelled estimate
FOMC responses - Fed edging toward neutral, but sticky inflation may delay easing
Trump administration drops plan for tariffs on generic drugs
AUD and NZD jump higher on news of US-China trade agreement
Barclays now expects three consecutive rate cuts by the Fed to round off the year
TD says RBA’s neutral stance cools AUD; dip-buying still favoured
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 13 Oct: US stocks claw back some declines. USD rises.
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 24 Oct; US CPI comes in below expectations
Canada postpones EV sales target to 2026, citing strain on automakers from tariffs
Trump: Will need to raise tariffs on China goods coming into the US
NYT: US to begin investigation into China compliance with 2020 trade deal
Monday open levels, indicative FX prices, September 1, 2025
EIA weekly crude oil inventories +3939K vs -1040K expected
US government shutdown continues to keep markets guessing for a little
Stock market today - towards the close
The US and China had trade talks on the weekend, awaiting read outs
Baker Hughes Oil rigs -4 at 418
China says Trump-Xi meeting to inject new momentum in development of US-China relations
Newsquawk Week Ahead: US NFP, ISM PMIs, EZ Flash CPI, UK Retail Sales, and Canada Jobs
What key economic events can we expect next week?
ICYMI: Fed chair Powell warned about downside risks to the labour market
Fed's Musalem sees upside risks for inflation
EURUSD Technicals: The EURUSD is breaking above 200 hour MA/38.2% of range since October
The European indices close higher
USDCAD Technicals: USDCAD trades between the 100 hour MA above and the 200 hour MA below
GBPUSD Technical Analysis: BoE rate decision in focus
FX option expiries for 3 September 10am New York cut
Japan's largest union group Rengo seeks 5% wage hike for the coming fiscal year
Stocks rebound as tech and healthcare provide a boost
ICYMI - Morgan Stanley lifts 2026 oil forecast to $60 after OPEC+ output pause
Nikkei reports that Japanese Prime Minister Takaichi "eyes tax cuts to spur investment "
ECB's de Guindos: Inflation news is positive
Deutsche Bank says ECB at terminal rate, expects next move to be hike in late 2026
Eurozone August preliminary CPI +2.1% vs +2.0% y/y expected
South Korea sees scope to cooperate with Taiwan on US chip tariffs
Barclays expects the Bank of England to cut interest rates this week
China wants to build factories in the United States in a trade deal
PBOC says to implement appropriately loose monetary policy
Japan tariff negotiator Akazawa: No direct comment on Trump’s new tariff announcements
investingLive Americas market news wrap: Trump lobs a hand grenade
US stock futures get back to unchanged after Trump's comments on China
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Japan closer to new PM Takaichi, yen slips.
AUDUSD stretches to targets at topside trend line and November 2024 highs
Some media reports of reopening the US government
North American equity close: A mid-day swoon attracts dip buyers. Sixth month of gains
ADP weekly US employment  vs --2500 last week (Confirmed)
Trump to unveil plan urging Congress to halt ACA premium spikes
Germany September trade balance €15.3 billion vs €16.8 billion expected
U.S. Treasury auctions ofF $58 billion of 3 year notes at a high yield of 3.576%
Trump-Xi meeting in South Korea comes to a close
Israel Channel 12: Israeli indicates the "liquidation" of 6 senior Hamas officials
Stocks rebounding.  S&P back in positive territory and on pace for a record close
Recap - Japan readies ¥21.3tn (USD 135bn) stimulus, largest since Covid
ECB's Lagarde: US court challenge to Trump tariffs adds another level of uncertainty
The US Treasury proposes additional tariffs of up to 100% on Nicaragua
Jamie Dimon warns U.S. growth slowing after biggest jobs revision in 20 years
No comments from Powell on the economic outlook
Australia August services PMI 55.8 (composite 55.5)
US August PCE core +2.9% y/y vs +2.9% expected
Tech gains steam: A deep dive into today's market shifts
Gold breaks $3950 as it races to another record high. Are miners cheap?
BOC's Macklem: We're putting more emphasis on risk when it comes to the next rate decision
Japan August PPI +2.7% y/y (expected +2.7%)
Eurozone August M3 money supply +2.9% vs +3.3% y/y expected
UBS targets S&P 500 at 7,300 as Fed cuts and AI spending extend U.S. equity rally
China's Commerce Ministry: China hopes to resolve concerns through dialogue
Democratic bill to in the US government shutdown fails to win enough votes
Eurostoxx futures +0.2% in early European trading
Japan to revamp foreign investment law, narrow IT reviews, and close loopholes
Japan's Nippon Ishin co-head Fujita says this is a genuine conservative reform government
Whatever home builders are signalling, it isn't good
HSBC forecasts 17–20% upside in China equities by 2026
FX option expiries for Friday 5 September 2025, 10am New York cut
US futures cut gains in the run up to the Wall Street open later
Nasdaq Technical Analysis: Higher rate cut odds lift the risk sentiment
The USD is mixed with the USD lower vs the EUR and GBP and higher vs the JPY
USDCAD Technical Analysis: Focus on the US jobs data as Fed rate cut odds dwindle
Trump: Europe needs to immediately cease all Russia energy purchases
S&P moves to new lows and is back down testing the 200 hour MA
Inflation data on the agenda in Europe today
US stock market close: Nasdaq falls 3.5%
Baker Hughes US oil rig count +2
Yale study finds ‘TACO gap’: U.S. tariffs on China far lower than Trump claims
S&P 500 Technical Analysis for Today
Market Outlook for the week of 22nd-26th September
BOJ likely to hike in December as yen slide boosts inflation risk, Reuters poll shows
Australia Melbourne Institute Inflation September: +0.4% m/m (prior –0.3%)
The Nasdaq retreats from the all-time highs: when is a good time to buy the dip?
French government also survives second no-confidence motion today
US suspends investigation of China targeting of maritime, logistics, shipbuilding sectors
S&P: Canada set for modest growth, but inflation and weak investment remain hurdles
SNB set to steer clear of negative rates, at least for now
BoE's Pill: A more cautious withdrawal of monetary policy restriction may be appropriate
Goldman see AI investmnt sustainable, future productivity gains far outweigh current capex
FX option expiries for 20 November 10am New York cut
OPEC+ to consider another output hike at Sunday meeting
China accuses Japan, Taiwan’s DPP of provoking tensions and warns against interference
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1171 – Reuters estimate
Coming up - Fed expected to cut rates by 25 bps, Powell seen offering limited guidance
AUDUSD Technicals: The AUDUSD reverses the gains after stronger CPI. What next?
BOJ governor Ueda set for visit to the US from 14-19 October
Weekend news: China offers huge US investment plan to ease Trump-era security restrictions
EU trade chief says had productive talks with US camp
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1021 – Reuters estimate
US, Japan reaffirm FX commitments; Kato cites significance after US tariff order
AUDUSD Technicals: The AUDUSD bounces off swing area and moves up to 200 day MA
US MBA mortgage applications w.e. 26 September -12.7% vs +0.6% prior
The great manias can be summarized with a very simple thesis
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Trump barrage of more tariffs
ECB's Villeroy: Victory over inflation in France looks lasting
US dollar jumps on a full slate of upbeat economic data. Stock futures fall
China trade negotiator: Had in-depth, candid, constructive exchanges
EU Pres.von der Leyen: Putin must come to the negotiating table
NVIDIA Weakness Persists While SPY Holds Firmer
US initial claims 232K and continuing claims 1957K in the week ending October 18
Crude oil inventories build of 2.774 million versus estimate 0.055 million
Fed vice chair Jefferson says should proceed slowly with further rate cuts
European indices close lower on the day. Declines led by the Italy's FTSE MIB
Reports of unusual betting for the Nobel Peace prize
New Zealand dollar extending its losses after terrible data, forecasts for more rate cuts
Gold nudges up to start the week but price holds within technical pennant
IBM and Tesla to report after the close
Preview: Bank of Canada to cut rates Wednesday, then what?
More Paulson: Sees labor supply and demand for workers declining at about the same pace
ECB survey: Long-term inflation expectations unchanged at 2%
French stocks lead gains at the open in Europe today
European indices hold a more tepid mood to start the day
Gold set to peak in the first half of next year - HSBC
Major US stock indices close lower
The oil market is running on fumes
EU Sefcovic: Held video call with Chinese. Invited authorities to Brussels in coming days
USDCHF Technicals: The USDCHF is racing higher today and is testing a key target
SNB leaves key policy rate unchanged at 0% in September monetary policy decision
Crude oil futures settle at $61.79
No non-farm payrolls makes for a less spicy end to the week
US Treasury secretary Bessent says had a good meeting with China
PBOC is expected to set the USD/CNY reference rate at 7.1157 – Reuters estimate
ForexLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: Australian headline CPI dips into target band (but …)
US Senate rejects Democratic government funding bill.
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 10 Nov: US stock surge on optimism of a shutdown deal
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: BoJ left short-term policy rate unchanged at 0.5%
US traders return in force today but the economic calendar remains barren
Trump says might sign a final deal on TikTok later this week
investingLive Asia-Pacific FX news wrap: US government shutdown will end in days
investingLive Americas FX news wrap 25 Nov; USD moves lower as rate cut exp. rise to 83%
Crude oil settles at $62.30. What are the chart saying?
Did you have a good weekend? Bitcoin: "No ;-( "
Timiraos: Soft jobs report will make it easier for Fed to agree on 25 bps cut
Germany July industrial orders -2.9% vs +0.5% m/m expected
Sanae Takaichi wins runoff vote in LDP leadership race
EURUSD bounces near a major trendline: French politics back in the spotlight
Trump’s team is considering a $550bn fund to boost factories, energy and critical sectors
The NZDUSD trades up and down with the 100 hour MA stalling the topside
Japan's Hayashi announces plan to lower price cap on Russian oil
Powell: Recent indications show that GDP growth has moderated
Japan’s markets unwind Abenomics "2" trades as Komeito exit fuels political uncertainty
The European indices close mixed German DAX and UK's FTSE 100 rising
UK October CBI trends total orders -38 vs -27 prior
Eurozone Q2 final GDP +0.1% vs +0.1% q/q expected
Netherlands intervenes at Chinese-owned chip-maker Nexperia over China technology concerns
Another month, another round of gold buying from China
European indices close higher on the day for the week
What Walmart earnings tell us about the state of the US consumer
Heads up for those trading Europe and UK markets - daylight savings time change
Warburg Pincus says China becoming attractive again after valuation reset
USDJPY rallies back into a key resistance and stalls: US data in focus for next direction
Consumers are flush: Airline stocks rise as Delta sees strong demand
There's no stopping the gold train just yet
US stocks close mixed but well off the lows
Check this out, handy cheat sheet of what moving 10 FX pairs - fundamentals and bank views
FOMC interest rate decision: Federal Reserve cuts by 25 bps, as expected
Fed's Goolsbee: We're open to criticism on improving Fed decision making
AUDUSD Technicals: The AUDUSD trades to new highs and extends above MA targets
